{"pmid":"17832547","affiliation":"","article_title":"THE OUTLOOK FOR APPLIED ENTOMOLOGY.","authors":"","journal_issue":"17-415 Jan 16, 1891","journal_title":"Science (New York, N.Y.)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"I have thus touched, gentlemen, upon a few of the many subjects that crowd upon the mind for consideration on an occasion like this, - a few gleanings from a field which is passing rich in promise and possibility. It is a field that some of us have cultivated for many years, and yet have only scratched the surface ; and, if I have ventured to suggest or admonish, it is with the feeling that my own labors in this field are ere long about to end, and that I may not have another occasion. At no time in the history of the world has there, I trow, been gathered together such a body of devoted and capable workers in applied entomology. It marks an era in our calling, and, looking back at the progress of the past fifteen years, we may well ponder the possibilities of the next fifteen. They will be fruitful of grand results in proportion as we persistently and combinedly pursue the yet unsolved problems, and are not tempted to the immediate presentation of separate facts, which are so innumerable and so easily observed that their very wealth becomes an element of weakness. Epoch-making discoveries result only from this power of following up unswervingly any given problem or any fixed ideal. The kerosene emulsion ; the cyclone nozzle ; the history of Phylloxera vastatrix, of Phorodon humuli, of Vedalia cardinalis,- are illustrations in point: and, while we may not expect frequent results as striking or of as wide application as these, there is no end of important problems yet to be solved, and from the solution of which we may look for similar beneficial results. Applied entomology is often considered a sordid pursuit ; but it only becomes so when the object is sordid. When pursued with unselfish enthusiasm born of the love of investigation and the delight in benefiting our fellow-men, it is inspiring ; and there are few pursuits more deservedly so, considering the vast losses to our farmers from insect injury and the pressing need that the distressed husbandman has for every aid that can be given bim. Our work is elevating in its sympathies for the struggles and sufferings of others. Our standard should be high,- the pursuit of knowledge for the advancement of agriculture. No official entomologist should lower it by sordid aims. During the recent political campaign the farmer must have been sorely puzzled to know whether his interests needed protection or not. On the abstract question of tariff protection to his products, we, as entomologists, may no more agree than do the politicians, or than does the farmer himself ; but ours is a case of protection from in- jurious insects, and upon that there can nowhere be division of opinion. It is our duty to see that be gets it with as little tax for the means as possible. Gentlemen, I thank you.","zipf_score":0.017832547},
{"pmid":"19866847","affiliation":"Surgeon, U. S. A.","article_title":"ON THE APPEARANCE OF CERTAIN AMOEBOID BODIES IN THE BLOOD OF VACCINATED MONKEYS (RHOESUS) AND CHILDREN, AND IN THE BLOOD FROM CASES OF VARIOLA : AN EXPERIMENTAL STUDY.","authors":"W Reed","journal_issue":"2-5 Sep 1, 1897","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The claim of L. Pfeiffer that small granular amoeboid bodies are present in the blood of vaccinated children and calves, and in the blood from cases of variola, during the stage of fever is confirmed. A nucleus has not been positively made out in any of these bodies. 2. Granular amoeboid bodies, having a diameter about one-third that of a red blood cell, appear, also, in the blood of the monkey during the active stage of vaccinia and disappear with the decline of the local inflammation. 3. A body of like appearance, granulation and size may occasionally be found in the normal blood of monkeys and children. 4. Pale amoeboid bodies, containing a few dark pigment-like granules, are present in the blood from cases of variola and in the blood of the variolated monkey. Bodies of like appearance may occasionally be found in the blood of vaccinated children and monkeys.","zipf_score":0.019866847},
{"pmid":"19866895","affiliation":"Pharmacological Laboratory of the Johns Hopkins University.","article_title":"ON THE PRESENCE OF CHOLIN AND NEURIN IN THE INTESTINAL CANAL DURING ITS COMPLETE OBSTRUCTION : A RESEARCH ON AUTOINTOXICATION.","authors":"B Nesbitt","journal_issue":"4-1 Jan 1, 1899","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"My experiments lead me to believe that complete occlusion of the small intestine at its lower end will give rise to the occurrence of cholin, neurin and perhaps other bases, provided the food taken contains any considerable quantity of lecithin. It is not improbable that still other poisons are formed by bacterial action from other constituents of the food in cases of intestinal obstruction. While cholin would have to be absorbed in relatively large amounts to exert a marked toxic action in human beings it is otherwise with neurin, which is many times more intense in its action and must be classed with the exceedingly active poisons. It has been shown both by the experiments of Schmidt and Weiss and also by those recorded in this paper that the poisonous neurin may be formed from cholin by bacteria. In its physiological action neurin agrees closely with muscarin; especially to be noted here is the paralytic action on the heart and its power to increase the intestinal movements to such an extent that continual evacuations occur. Whether the ptomaine which was found by me is poisonous 1 cannot yet say. It must be considered proved, however, that highly toxic substances may arise in the intestinal canal during its complete occlusion. The method of treating cases of intestinal obstruction, before surgical means are resorted to, namely, washing out the stomach and as much of the gut as possible often reduces the violent paristalsis and this is due, perhaps, to the removal of substances out of which irritating and toxic products are formed by bacteria. In conclusion, I would remark that our knowledge of the fate of lecithin in the digestive canal under normal conditions is very deficient. The assumption that it is saponified by the fat-splitting enzyme of the pancreatic juice, thus yielding cholin, glycero-phosphoric acid and fatty acids, rests on the work of Bókai in 1877 and, as that investigator himself admits, without excluding bacterial action. This omission throws grave doubts on the results. If the assumption of Bókai be correct, caution must be observed in the use of some foods that have been considered most nutritious and healthful; for instance, the ingestion of a meal made up largely of eggs would hardly be without danger because of the poisonous action of the large quantity of cholin liberated from the lecithin and the probability of the formation of the highly poisonous neurin. It is my purpose in the near future to examine this question with the help of modern methods.","zipf_score":0.019866895},
{"pmid":"19867129","affiliation":"Instructor in Pathology, the University of Michigan.","article_title":"AN INQUIRY INTO SOME MECHANICAL FACTORS IN THE PRODUCTION OF LYMPHOCYTOSIS.","authors":"F P Rous","journal_issue":"10-2 Mar 1, 1908","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The lymph of the thoracic duct furnishes to the blood a larger proportion than is usually supposed of the lymphocytes in circulation. Gross variations in its output of such cells must affect very considerably the blood picture. 2. The quantity of lymphocytes supplied through the thoracic duct of the healthy dog remains practically constant from hour to hour, if the physiological conditions are not notably changed. Transient change in physiological conditions may alter the output of cells, but with the disappearance of this change the output tends to resume its previous rate. These facts indicate that the tissues producing lymphocytes are ,'set,' at a rate of activity definite in the individual. 3. Muscular activity (struggle) produces a prompt increase in the output of lymphocytes through the thoracic duct. (a) This is assured by the presence of an increased number of cells per cubic millimeter of lymph, combined with an increase in the amount of lymph voided. (b) The lymphocyte-output may be tripled or quadrupled during a long-continued struggle. (c) Following prolonged struggle the output of lymphocytes is for a short time less than previous to the exertion. 4. The increased lymph-flow caused by a lymphagogue of the second class (glucose) brings with it increased output of lymphocytes through the thoracic duct. (a) The individual cubic millimeters of lymph are often poor in cells, during the rapid lymph-flow, yet the total number of elements transported is large. (b) The results with glucose support the theory of Ehrlich, that a rapidly appearing lymphocytosis may be produced through the flushing effect of increased lymph-flow. 5. A comparison of the effects of struggle with those of glucose demonstrates that in the former some factor besides increase in lymph-flow per se (Ehrlich) works to cause the large output of lymphocytes. The nature of this factor has not yet been determined. 6. The variations caused by muscular exertion and by increased lymph-flow in the number of lymphocytes coursing through the thoracic duct are so pronounced as to suggest that the total number of lymphocytes in circulation must be considerably influenced by them. Clinical findings by other observers indicate that this is true; and the clinical findings themselves become much simpler of interpretation. 7. The results in general prove the existence, reserved from circulation, of a large fund of lymphocytes, which is quickly yielded to the blood under certain physiological conditions.","zipf_score":0.099867129},
{"pmid":"19866880","affiliation":"","article_title":"THE FATE OF THE GIANT CELLS WHICH FORM IN THE ABSORPTION OF COAGULATED BLOOD SERUM IN THE ANTERIOR CHAMBER OF THE RABBIT'S EYE.","authors":"L Hektoen","journal_issue":"3-6 Nov 1, 1898","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The conclusion seems warranted that the giant cells formed in the absorption of coagulated blood serum inserted into the anterior chamber of the rabbit's eye subdivide again into uninuclear small cells that take part with other new-formed cells derived from the lining of this space to form a densely fibrillated mass of tissue that resembles quite closely the cornea in its structure. This demonstration materially strengthens the opinion expressed by the writer in his previous article in this Journal,* that the giant cells in healing non-degenerated tuberculous tissue may separate into small living cells, and that the giant cells of tuberculosis are not necrobiotic elements from the very moment and from the very mode of their formation, as has been the general teaching, especially in Germany.","zipf_score":0.019866880},
{"pmid":"19866957","affiliation":"Physiological Laboratory, London Hospital Medical College.","article_title":"ALLOXURIC EXCRETION IN A CASE OF LEUCOPENIA.","authors":"R Hutchison, J J Macleod","journal_issue":"5-6 Oct 1, 1901","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. In the case investigated, one of Malta fever, the leucocytes were reduced to between 1500 and 3000 per cubic millimetre. 2. Notwithstanding this, the alloxur bodies and the phosphoric acid in the urine, the patient being on an alloxur-free diet, showed no distinct diminution from the normal. 3. The suggestion is made that this result may be due to the leucopenia being brought about by an increased destruction of leucocytes in the spleen rather than to a diminished activity of the bone-marrow.","zipf_score":0.029866957},
{"pmid":"19867001","affiliation":"Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, New York.","article_title":"ENZYMES AND ANTI-ENZYMES OF INFLAMMATORY EXUDATES.","authors":"E L Opie","journal_issue":"7-3 Jun 10, 1905","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The serum of an inflammatory exudate has the power of inhibiting the action of proteolytic ferments contained in the leucocytes. This anti-enzymotic power is possessed by the blood serum from which it doubtless passes into the exudate. In the later stages of inflammation there is some diminution of this anti-enzymotic action. The anti-body contained in the serum is destroyed by a temperature of 75 degrees C. The proteolytic ferments of the leucocytes act both in an acid and in an alkaline medium but are most efficient in the latter. The anti-enzymotic action of the serum is favored by an alkaline reaction, but is completely lost in an acid medium.","zipf_score":0.069867001},
{"pmid":"19867086","affiliation":"Pathological Laboratory of the Montreal General Hospital.","article_title":"THE EXPERIMENTAL VASCULAR LESIONS PRODUCED BY BACILLUS MALLEI.","authors":"C W Duval","journal_issue":"9-3 May 25, 1907","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. Bacillus malleiand its poison produce a variety of vascular lesions in the rabbit and the guinea pig. 2. The type of the lesion depends upon, (a) the virulence of the culture, (b) the sex of the animal and (c) the degree of acquired immunity. 3. The vascular changes of a proliferative and degenerative nature produced by the slow action of the glanders poison in rabbits and guinea pigs are analogous to the vascular lesions caused by sub-acute glanders infection in man. 4. The most common site of the glanders vascular lesions of animals and man is the peripheral vessels, and especially the smaller visceral arteries. 5. The aorta is a less common site of the experimental lesions. 6. The vascular lesions produced experimentally by Bacillus mallei and its poison consist of three processes, (a) exudation, (b) proliferation, (c) degeneration. 7. The lesions produced by sub-acute glanders in man consist of two processes, proliferation and degeneration. 8. The primary reaction of the vessels in experimental animals and in sub-acute human glanders consists of a proliferation of the endothelium of the intima. 9. The first degenerative changes observed in experimental animals and in sub-acute human glanders occur in the ,'innermost layer,' of the media and not in the so-called ,' middle zone.,' 10. The cause of the degenerative change in the inner layer of the media appears to be interference with the nourishment of the circular muscle fibres of the media by proliferation of the endothelium of the intima.","zipf_score":0.089867086},
{"pmid":"19867110","affiliation":"Bender Laboratory, Albany, N. Y.","article_title":"EXPERIMENTAL LIVER NECROSIS; III. NITROGENOUS METABOLISMS.","authors":"R M Pearce, H C Jackson","journal_issue":"9-5 Sep 21, 1907","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. In focal and diffuse necroses of the liver due to haemotoxic sera there occurs an increased elimination of total nitrogen with a corresponding augmented output of urea. The ammonia excretion becomes slightly diminished at first, but later rises somewhat above normal. The undetermined nitrogen is markedly increased. 2. In diffuse degeneration with no necrosis on the other hand only a slightly increased output of total nitrogen is evident. A rearrangement of the urea-ammonia proportion occurs in that the ammonia excretion is augmented while the urea elimination is correspondingly diminished. The undetermined nitrogen rises but little. 3. In control experiments with normal serum no effect is produced. 4. These results would appear to indicate that in lesions characterized by uniform degeneration of the liver parenchyma, in contradistinction to necrosis, there occurs no increased nitrogen elimination but merely a disturbance of the urea-forming function of the cell without the appearance in the urine of products of autolysis. On the other hand in necrosis, of even considerable extent, the total-nitrogen is greatly augmented, as is also the rest-nitrogen; while the production of urea, on account of the persistence of normally functioning liver cells, remains relatively unchanged. This ,'factor of safety,'(32) possessed by the liver is, we think, one of the most important results brought out in this investigation and must be given great weight in any consideration of the chemistry of hepatic disturbances.","zipf_score":0.089867110},
{"pmid":"19867262","affiliation":"Physiological Laboratory of the Johns Hopkins University.","article_title":"STUDIES ON INTRACRANIAL PRESSURE.","authors":"J A Eyster, M T Burrows, C R Essick","journal_issue":"11-3 May 1, 1909","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The results of this work form a confirmation of the earlier work of Cushing in all details investigated. 2. The increase of blood pressure that results from an increase of the intracranial pressure above the blood pressure is due in the dog to a vaso-constriction of the vessels of the intestine, the kidney and the limbs. Preceding this constriction there is dilatation. 3. The anastomotic connection between the internal carotid artery within the skull and the ophthalmic branch of the internal maxillary is of a size in the dog approximately equal to the internal carotid outside of the skull. The anatomical relations are such as to indicate that the internal maxillary artery in this animal is a cerebral artery equal in importance to the internal carotid. The anastomotic connection because of its position within the cranial cavity is unaffected except by extreme grades of intracranial compression. 4. The ordinary method of artificial perfusion of the dog's brain as used in physiological investigation appears from this work to be of no value, since there is at least one important path open besides that through the vessels of the brain. 5. The increase of the intracranial pressure above the blood pressure leads to a complete anaemia, superficial and deep, of the blood vessels of the brain. If the intracranial pressure is not greatly increased above the blood pressure, the circle of Willis and some of the larger arterial connections at the base of the brain are more or less well injected. An intracranial pressure somewhat below blood pressure leads apparently to a certain degree of anaemia directly beneath the point of entrance of the intracranial fluid; the condition of the rest of the brain as regards blood supply is normal.","zipf_score":0.109867262},
{"pmid":"18009363","affiliation":"Department of Social Welfare, New York Association for Improving the Condition of the Poor.","article_title":"SOCIAL ASPECTS OF SCHOOL HYGIENE.","authors":"D B Armstrong","journal_issue":"5-12 Dec, 1915","journal_title":"American journal of public health (New York, N.Y. : 1912)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Doctor Armstrong uses New York City as an example in his thoughtful paper. What he says of school hygiene there will be found to apply with equal, if not greater, force elsewhere. There is always the danger that in the pressure of routine duties the larger objects are apt to be lost sight of. Doctor Armstrong's excellent analysis should make us pause and take stock of the broader views of the whole question of School Hygiene.","zipf_score":0.168009363},
{"pmid":"18009435","affiliation":"","article_title":"WHAT THE CAMPAIGN AGAINST VENEREAL DISEASE DEMANDS OF HOSPITALS AND DISPENSARIES.","authors":"M M Davis","journal_issue":"6-4 Apr, 1916","journal_title":"American journal of public health (New York, N.Y. : 1912)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Doctor Davis presents here the relation between the dispensary clinic and hospital to our so-called medical-social problems. He does away with the conception that these clinics are ,'charities,' and describes the work as a necessary public health service.","zipf_score":0.178009435},
{"pmid":"18009507","affiliation":"New England Watch and Ward Society, Boston, Mass.","article_title":"THE SUPPRESSION OF THE DRUG VICE CONSIDERED FROM THE DEMAND SIDE.","authors":"J F Chase","journal_issue":"6-8 Aug, 1916","journal_title":"American journal of public health (New York, N.Y. : 1912)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"In this paper the author attacks this vice from a new angle. Continue the restriction of the supply, but also cure the users.","zipf_score":0.178009507},
{"pmid":"18010131","affiliation":"","article_title":"ENDEMIC GOITER AS A PUBLIC HEALTH PROBLEM.","authors":"M Tolman","journal_issue":"9-7 Jul, 1919","journal_title":"American journal of public health (New York, N.Y. : 1912)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Twelve thousand persons in West Virginia are afflicted with goiter, which is nevertheless a disease little considered in the United States. It is endemic in New Hampshire and other mountain regions. Mr. Tolman assembles what is known of its causes and distribution.","zipf_score":0.208010131},
{"pmid":"18010179","affiliation":"","article_title":"POPULAR HEALTH EDUCATION IN CHINA; A MOVEMENT ADAPTED TO THE PSYCHOLOGY OF THE PEOPLE.","authors":"","journal_issue":"9-10 Oct, 1919","journal_title":"American journal of public health (New York, N.Y. : 1912)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"It took an American, Dr. W. W. Peter, to break down the conservatism of the Chinese in matters of health and hygiene. He accomplished this because he understood the psychology of the people. Rattling toys and fascinating gimcracks furnished ammunition for a great health education campaign, continued today by Dr. S. M. Woo.","zipf_score":0.208010179},
{"pmid":"17819471","affiliation":"","article_title":"ANESTHESIA AND RESPIRATION.","authors":"A R Haas","journal_issue":"46-1193 Nov 9, 1917","journal_title":"Science (New York, N.Y.)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"When Laminaria is exposed to the action of anesthetics (in sufficient concentration to produce any result) there is an increase in respiration. This may be followed by a decrease if the reagent is sufficiently toxic. No decrease is observed with low concentrations which are not toxic. These facts contradict the theory of Verworn that anesthesia is a kind of asphyxia, for his view is based upon the assumption that anesthetics decrease respiration.","zipf_score":0.187819471},
{"pmid":"19867306","affiliation":"Pathological Laboratory of the Johns Hopkins University.","article_title":"ON THE RELATION OF THE CATALYTIC ACTIVITY OF THE BLOOD TO THE NUMBER OF RED BLOOD CELLS IN HEALTH, AND TO THE NUMBER OF WHITE BLOOD CELLS AND THE BODY TEMPERATURE IN PERITONITIS.","authors":"M C Winternitz, J P Pratt","journal_issue":"12-1 Jan 1, 1910","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The catalytic activity of the blood of normal rabbits varies almost directly with the volume and number of red blood cells. This explains to a certain extent at least why animals of the same general degree of nutrition, and of the same litter, should have about the same activity since they are likely to have the same number of red blood cells, and why healthy large animals should read high while small poorly nourished ones should read low. Accompanying the hyperpyrexia resulting from puncture of the corpus striatum of a rabbit's brain, there is no change in either the catalytic activity of the blood or the white blood count. In experimentally produced peritonitis, the catalytic activity of the blood always rises, and is, therefore, absolutely independent of body temperature and white blood cells since one or both of these may rise, fall or remain stationary while the catalytic action increases.","zipf_score":0.119867306},
{"pmid":"19867394","affiliation":"Laboratory of St. Luke's Hospital, New York.","article_title":"ON HEAT-SENSITIVE ANTICOMPLEMENTARY BODIES IN HUMAN BLOOD SERUM.","authors":"H Zinsser, W C Johnson","journal_issue":"13-1 Jan 5, 1911","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The work recorded above has served to corroborate the observations of other writers, notably of Noguchi, that in many human sera, if not in all, there develop, on standing, anticomplementary bodies which are delicately thermolabile, being inactivated by heating to 56 degrees C. for fifteen to twenty minutes. It has appeared that these bodies may occasionally be present in sera which, after heating, may develop the thermostable anticomplementary body referred to by other authors. It has become evident also that the speed of development of the thermolabile anticomplementary body in different sera is subject to much variation. The thermolabile body appears as the complement disappears. The question arises whether the thermolabile anticomplementary body may not be originally present in the serum, temporarily masked by the native complement. This would seem improbable from the fact that titration has shown that 0.1 and 0.2 cubic centimeter of the inhibiting serum will often inhibit as much as 0.6 cubic centimeter of fresh guinea-pig complement, a quantity superior to the amount of complement present originally in the antihemolytic serum. It seems, therefore, that the anticomplementary body must actually be formed in the serum during the period of preservation. The thermolabile antihemolytic body studied by us is like the thermostabile body investigated by Noguchi, in that it inhibits alien as well as homologous complement; it is unlike the thermostabile body, however, in that it cannot be absorbed from serum by digestion with red cells, nor does it render the treated cells more resistant to hemolysis. The thermolabile body may be removed from inhibiting sera by precipitating the globulins. A solution of the glotmiins then manifests a thermolabile anticomplementary action. No relationship between a clinical condition and the appearance of these bodies in the sera, has been found. As a practical result these studies have shown, as have those of Noguchi, that the complement fixation tests should never be made with certain sera which have been preserved for some time without inactivation.","zipf_score":0.129867394},
{"pmid":"19867552","affiliation":"Pathological Laboratory of The Presbyterian Hospital, New York.","article_title":"THE EFFECT OF CERTAIN EXPERIMENTAL PROCEDURES ON THE ISLANDS OF LANGERHANS.","authors":"R L Cecil","journal_issue":"16-1 Jul 1, 1912","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Although the results of this study have been of a negative character, the conclusions that may be drawn from it have an important bearing on the true anatomical character of the islands. 1. Neither inanition nor the prolonged injection of secretin has any noteworthy effect upon the number, size, or structure of the islands of Langerhans in the dog's pancreas. 2. The islands of Langerhans in the guinea pig's pancreas are in no way altered in phlorizin diabetes. 3. The islands of Langerhans are not formed out of exhausted or degenerated acini, but develop from the ducts or acini with which they are often in direct continuity.","zipf_score":0.139867552},
{"pmid":"19867625","affiliation":"Morris Institute for Medical Research, Chicago.","article_title":"STUDIES ON FERMENT ACTION : VI. THE RELATION OF IMMUNE SERUM LIPASE TO HEMOLYSIS.","authors":"J W Jobling, C G Bull","journal_issue":"17-1 Jan 1, 1913","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The specific lipase of immune hemolytic serum is not necessary for hemolysis, but this does not prove the non-necessity of a lipolytic action in serum hemolysis, since a lipase is always present in the complement serum. 2. Serum lipase is found in the end-piece of split complement. 3. There is a parallelism between the lipase content and complement strength of the sera of different animals (man, rabbit, guinea pig, sheep, ox, cat).","zipf_score":0.149867625},
{"pmid":"19867687","affiliation":"Hospital of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, New York.","article_title":"A STUDY OF THE ADDITION OF CHOLESTERIN TO THE ALCOHOLIC EXTRACTS OF TISSUES USED FOR ANTIGENS IN THE WASSERMANN REACTION.","authors":"I C Walker, H F Swift","journal_issue":"18-1 Jul 1, 1913","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The addition of cholesterin to an alcoholic extract of heart or fetal liver increases the antigenic value of the extracts in the Wassermann reaction. 2. The optimum amount of cholesterin to be added to heart extract or fetal liver extract was found to be 0.4 per cent. 3. Cholesterin-heart extracts are superior to cholesterin-liver extracts and to alcoholic extracts of syphilitic livers, as well as to ether extracts of dried hearts. 4. Cholesterin-heart extracts prepared from different human hearts are practically equal in anticomplementary and antigenic value. Similar extracts prepared from guinea pig hearts have the same antigenic value as those prepared from human hearts. Both the human heart and the guinea pig heart extracts are superior to beef heart extract when the same amount of cholesterin is added to each of the extracts. 5. In testing blood serum for diagnostic purposes, it is not safe to use more than one fourth of the anticomplementary dose of the 0.4 per cent. cholesterin heart extract. In the work here presented, this consisted of a 1 in 10 emulsion. 6. In testing cerebrospinal fluids, 1 in 10 emulsions give slightly better reactions with smaller quantities of the fluid than do 1 in 6 emulsions. 7. Because of the simple preparation, the superior antigenic property, and the constant antigen value of cholesterin-heart extracts prepared from human hearts, we agree with McIntosh and Fildes that this form of extract fulfills the requirements of a standard antigen.","zipf_score":0.149867687},
{"pmid":"19867757","affiliation":"Henry Phipps Institute of the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia.","article_title":"THE FUNCTION OF THE SPLEEN IN THE EXPERIMENTAL INFECTION OF ALBINO MICE WITH BACILLUS TUBERCULOSIS.","authors":"P A Lewis, A G Margot","journal_issue":"19-2 Feb 1, 1914","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Infection of rats and mice with Bacillus tuberculosis (bovine type) develops a splenic tumor as a typical lesion. Removal of the spleen from mice (albino) greatly increases their resistance to the infection. This increased resistance cannot be explained at present. The infection in the splenectomized mice tends to remain localized as contrasted with an almost septicemic type of disease which is usual in the normal animal. The animals of each group that live more than thirty days are apt to present typical exudative lesions. The removal of the spleen does not therefore grossly change what may be called the capacity of the body for exudation.","zipf_score":0.159867757},
{"pmid":"19867850","affiliation":"Adirondack Cottage Sanitarium, Trudeau.","article_title":"A NEW AND RAPID METHOD FOR THE ISOLATION AND CULTIVATION OF TUBERCLE BACILLI DIRECTLY FROM THE SPUTUM AND FECES.","authors":"S A Petroff","journal_issue":"21-1 Jan 1, 1915","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Sixty-nine positive cultures were obtained from sixty-nine specimens of sputum from practically all stages of tuberculosis. Six of these specimens were negative by direct microscopic examination, but the cultures gave positive findings. These six specimens have been positive for tubercle bacilli at some time. Nineteen positive cultures were isolated from thirty-two specimens of feces. All these thirty-two specimens, upon direct microscopical examination, gave positive findings, some showing only a few tubercle bacilli. Six specimens were not free from contaminating organisms, and the remaining seven were negative. The method presented in this paper has proved very simple and accurate for the isolation of tubercle bacilli from sputum. The partial success in isolating tubercle bacilli from feces may be due to the fact that many of the bacilli may be dead.","zipf_score":0.169867850},
{"pmid":"19867910","affiliation":"Bacteriological Laboratory of the London Hospital, London.","article_title":"THE ARTIFICIAL PRODUCTION IN MAMMALIAN PLASMA OF SUBSTANCES INHIBITORY TO THE GROWTH OF CELLS.","authors":"A J Walton","journal_issue":"22-2 Aug 1, 1915","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Active immunity to the growth of tissue may be obtained by intraperitoneal injections of tissue emulsions. This immunity is of short duration and is followed by an anti-immunity. The immunity varies for individual tissues both in extent and in the time of onset. The immunity is not specific in so far that it is not more marked to the tissue similar to that forming the emulsion.","zipf_score":0.169867910},
{"pmid":"19867982","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"THE PRESERVATION OF LIVING RED BLOOD CELLS IN VITRO : II. THE TRANSFUSION OF KEPT CELLS.","authors":"P Rous, J R Turner","journal_issue":"23-2 Feb 1, 1916","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"In order to determine the availability for functional uses of red cells kept in vitro by our methods, transfusion experiments have been carried out with rabbits by which a large part of their blood was replaced with kept rabbit cells suspended in Locke's solution. It has been found that erythrocytes preserved in mixtures of blood, sodium citrate, saccharose, and water for 14 days, and used to replace normal blood, will remain in circulation and function so well that the animal shows no disturbance, and the blood count, hemoglobin, and percentage of reticulated red cells remain unvaried. Cells kept for longer periods, though intact and apparently unchanged when transfused, soon leave the circulation. Animals in which this disappearance of cells is taking place on a large scale, remain healthy save for the progressing anemia. The experiments prove that, in the exsanguinated rabbit at least, transfusions of cells kept for a long time in vitro may be used to replace the blood lost, and that when the cells have been kept too long but are still intact they are disposed of without harm. The indications are that kept human cells could be profitably employed in the same way.","zipf_score":0.179867982},
{"pmid":"19868080","affiliation":"Surgical Clinic of the Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston.","article_title":"THE CONTROL OF STRYCHNINE CONVULSIONS BY INTRASPINAL INJECTIONS OF MAGNESIUM SULPHATE.","authors":"E C Cutler, B H Alton","journal_issue":"25-1 Jan 1, 1917","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"We feel that the results obtained in the human case and in our animal experiments justify the supposition that magnesium sulphate may be of use in controlling cases of poisoning by strychnine. It is a method easily available not only in large hospitals but in private practice, and requires no elaborate technique. The amount of magnesium sulphate to be used should follow the advice of Meltzer (19) in tetanus cases: intraspinally 1 cc. of a 25 per cent solution to each 20 pounds of body weight in adults, and one-half the dose in young children. Should this not control the convulsions a small amount of ether may be used. In order to hasten the excretion of strychnine, 200 to 300 cc. of salt solution should be given intravenously.(6) In the event of the return of the convulsions, the intraspinal dose may be repeated, always taking precautions to keep the head elevated. Meltzer's apparatus for intrapharyngeal insufflation and a 2.5 per cent solution of calcium chloride should always be on hand in case of respiratory failure following an overdose of the magnesium salts (Meltzer (19)).","zipf_score":0.189868080},
{"pmid":"19868140","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, New York, and Hospital 21, Compiègne, France.","article_title":"CICATRIZATION OF WOUNDS : VII. STERILIZATION OF WOUNDS WITH CHLORAMINE-T.","authors":"A Carrel, A Hartmann","journal_issue":"26-1 Jul 1, 1917","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Sodium stearate has no effect upon the bacteriological condition of a wound, but the addition of 4 parts per 1,000 of chloramine-T renders it antiseptic. Experiment I enabled us to compare the action of sodium stearate alone with that of sodium stearate containing 4 parts per 1,000 of chloramine-T. Wounds which had been previously sterilized could be maintained in an aseptic condition by 4 parts per 1,000 of chloramine-T, although in some cases reinfection occurred (Experiments 2, 3, and 5). For this reason the concentration of chloramine-T was increased. Surface wounds, deep-seated wounds, and osseous cavities, which had previously been either completely or almost completely sterilized, could be maintained for days and even weeks in a condition of surgical asepsis by the use of a paste containing 7 and 10 parts per 1,000 of chloramine-T. Experiments 7, 8, 9, 10, and 12 are examples of this. Slightly infected wounds (Experiments 9, II, and 12) were sterilized in the same manner. Next, it was attempted to sterilize wounds which were suppurating and more or less infected, and in some cases accompanied by fracture. This attempt was probably successful because the wounds used for the experiments showed but slight quantities of secretions and only a shallow layer of necrotic tissue. It is useless to attempt to sterilize severely infected wounds with a paste, for the volume of chloramine-T that can be applied is too limited. A large volume of an active substance is required to sterilize a wound which secretes great quantities of pus, for owing, on the one hand, to the dilution of this substance with the secretions, and, on the other, to its combination with the proteins contained in the pus, the concentration of the antiseptic is rapidly diminished. For these reasons it is essential that the antiseptic solution should be constantly renewed, so that the concentration may be sufficiently strong to effect the destruction of the bacteria. Therefore, the chloramine-T paste cannot sterilize a severely infected wound. The concentration of the active substance contained in a paste must at the same time be sufficiently weak to be innocuous to the tissues. We have seen that it should not exceed 15 parts per 1,000. Thus, it is evident that if the secretions from the wounds are abundant, the substance could exert its action upon the microorganisms for the space of only a few hours. For this reason the chloramine paste should only be applied under the conditions specified in our experiments; that is, in connection with moderately infected wounds which have been carefully washed with sodium oleate, and possess but slight quantities of secretion. Under these conditions, the chloramine paste effects the complete disappearance of the bacteria and maintains the sterility thus secured for as long a time as may be wished. If the technique followed in the dressing is not exactly as above described, reinfection will occur. If applied in this manner the chloramine paste is not injurious to the tissues, for the cicatrization curves of the wounds thus treated show but slight modification from the calculated curves. Chloramine paste makes it possible, therefore, to keep wounds sufficiently free from microorganisms so that the effect of substances which are believed to influence cicatrization can be studied.","zipf_score":0.189868140},
{"pmid":"19868203","affiliation":"Laboratory of Physiology of the Harvard Medical School, Boston.","article_title":"THE FACTORS CONCERNED IN THE APPEARANCE OF NUCLEATED RED BLOOD CORPUSCLES IN THE PERIPHERAL BLOOD : I. INFLUENCE OF PROCEDURES DESIGNED TO INCREASE THE RATE OF BLOOD FLOW THROUGH THE BLOOD-FORMING ORGANS-EXERCISE AND NERVE SECTION.","authors":"C K Drinker, K R Drinker, H A Kreutzmann","journal_issue":"27-2 Feb 1, 1918","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. Increase in circulatory rate caused by hard exercise has no power to dislocate nucleated red cells from the bone marrow either in normal, in anemic, in hyperplastic, or in anemic and hyperplastic animals. 2. In anemic and hyperplastic animals pseudocrises of nucleated red cells can be produced at certain periods by hard exercise, but careful analysis leads inevitably to the conclusion that the increase in these cells is merely a more accurate expression of circulatory content at the time of the procedure. 3. Section of the vasomotor nerves to the four limbs with consequent dilatation of the marrow vessels and increased blood flow through the tissue does not result in the freeing of nucleated red cells from the bone marrow.","zipf_score":0.199868203},
{"pmid":"19871725","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"FURTHER PROOF OF THE EXISTENCE OF A SPECIFIC TETANY-PRODUCING SUBSTANCE IN THE THYMUS GLAND.","authors":"E Uhlenhuth","journal_issue":"1-1 Sep 20, 1918","journal_title":"The Journal of general physiology","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The effect of the thymus gland in producing tetany is due to a specific tetany toxin produced by and contained in the thymus, and the thymus gland must be added to the group of glands for which the function of internal secretion has been demonstrated.","zipf_score":0.199871725},
{"pmid":"19867335","affiliation":"Research Laboratory of the Department of Health of the City of New York, and from the Laboratory of Physiological Chemistry, Department of Physiology, University of Missouri.","article_title":"THE QUANTITATIVE CHANGES IN THE PROTEINS IN THE BLOOD PLASMA OF HORSES IN THE COURSE OF IMMUNIZATION.","authors":"R B Gibson, E J Banzhaf","journal_issue":"12-3 May 1, 1910","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Gravimetric determinations were recorded for the total and several individual proteins (in the sodium oxalate plasma) fractioned with ammonium sulphate and sodium chloride. At precipitation, the plasma salt mixture had been diluted to a final volume of ten times the amount of plasma employed. Coagulations were on aliquot portions of filtrates, and the individual protein constituents (except serumalbumin) were calculated by difference. The eleven horses had been subjected to simultaneous immunization against diphtheria and tetanus toxins, each horse being subsequently continued on the toxin to which it responded best. Test bleedings of about 500 cubic centimeters only were made until maximum antitoxic potency (with almost coincident greatest variation See PDF for Structure in the contents of the several proteins) had been attained; routine bleedings of four to ten liters for antitoxin production were then instituted. The two refractory, one medium and the eight horses yielding a highly potent antitoxic plasma, all showed an increase of from 40 to 114 per cent. in the total serumglobulin. For the refractory animals, this increase was 59.3 and 87.9 per cents. In one refractory and in one high horse, the serumglobulin maximum preceded the highest concentration in antitoxin. In seven of the horses, the greatest increase in the total serumglobulin was coincident with the maximum antitoxic potency. The serumglobulin increase, however, tended relatively to precede that of the antitoxin. In the two other horses, both maxima also were observed together; no ,'intermediate,' bleedings were made in these two instances. The greatest absolute increase in the serumglobulin was observed in the most potent plasma obtained in the series; the second place, however, went to a refractory horse. Subsequent to the maxima, the serumglobulin content was maintained at high concentration, in spite of repeated bleedings; it then only roughly paralleled the antitoxic variations in the plasma of the individual animals. At dilutions of the plasma in the precipitated mixtures of 1:15, 1:5 and 1:10, the ammonium sulphate ,'euglobulin,' fraction amounted to about 60 to 70, 20 to 24 and 10 to 15 per cents., respectively, of the total serumglobulin in both the normal and the antitoxic plasma. In an 850 unit plasma, an increase in the ,'euglobulin,' over the normal percentage was observed, but the high content of protein in this plasma probably influenced the precipitation limits. The influence of the protein concentration is indicated by the different percentages for the ,'euglobulin,' obtained for the three dilutions of 1:15, 1:5 and 1:10. The ,'euglobulin,' then was not increased to a greater extent than the ,'pseudoglobulin,' as the result of immunization, as has at times been maintained. See PDF for Structure The ,'euglobulin,' precipitated by saturating the plasma with sodium chloride (at ultimate dilution of the plasma 1:10) was much greater in normal plasma than the ammonium sulphate ,'euglobulin,' at the same dilution. There was a tendency in early immunization for this sodium chloride ,'euglobulin,' to increase along with the total serumglobulin; it rapidly diminished, however, until at the height of immunization and maximum serumglobulin concentration, it may have reached less than half the normal absolute amount. The serum albumin was diminished a third to a half the normal along with the serumglobulin increase. Subsequent to the anti- See PDF for Structure toxic and serumglobulin maxima, figures as low as a fifth of the original serumalbumin content have been noted. It is suggested that this diminution of the sodium chloride ,'euglobulin,' and the serumalbumin is a physiological compensation for the greater viscosity of the plasma because of the increase in the more soluble serumglobulins. No characteristic alteration in the fibrinogen of the plasma was observed during immunization. Individual variations up to 0.5 gram per 100 cubic centimeters of plasma have been recorded. The influence of repeated bleedings does not essentially influence the protein changes induced by immunization. These remarkable regenerative processes are worthy of note. The results of our investigation indicate that in ,'forced,' immunization, the same characteristic quantitative changes can occur in the blood proteins of both refractory horses and those yielding a highly potent antitoxic plasma. We cannot conclude, however, that the serumglobulin increase does not represent an accumulation of antitoxin, at least in part; it is possible that other antibodies may be formed either prior to or along with the specific antitoxin and that these may constitute a portion of the increase in the more soluble serumglobulin with which protein such substances are associated.","zipf_score":0.119867335},
{"pmid":"19867434","affiliation":"Laboratory of Biological Chemistry of Columbia University, at the College of Physicians and Surgeons, and the Pathological Laboratory of Mount Sinai Hospital, New York.","article_title":"STUDIES IN ISOAGGLUTINATION : II. THE OCCURRENCE OF GROUPED ISOAGGLUTINATION IN THE LOWER ANIMALS.","authors":"R Ottenberg, S S Friedman","journal_issue":"13-5 May 1, 1911","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Grouped isoagglutination is not limited to man, but is much more widespread than has been hitherto suspected. It occurs in the bloods of steers and rabbits. It seems probable that it will be found to occur in the bloods of other animals. Just how many of the isoagglutinins and the isoagglutinable substances in different species are respectively identical is still to be determined. The work is being continued with other animals.","zipf_score":0.129867434},
{"pmid":"19867475","affiliation":"Department of Research Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia.","article_title":"A PHYSIOLOGICAL STUDY OF EXPERIMENTAL NEPHRITIS DUE TO BACTERIAL POISONS AND CYTOTOXIC SERA.","authors":"R M Pearce, A B Eisenbrey","journal_issue":"14-3 Sep 1, 1911","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The physiological study of experimental nephritis caused by poisons of bacterial origin demonstrates that the poisons may produce types of nephritis in which either vascular or tubular changes predominate. Diphtheria toxin produces a nephritis which in its late stage is of the vascular type, but in its early stage is distinctly tubular. Tuberculin and mallein uniformly cause lesions of the tubular type, which do not pass into the vascular type. Nephrotoxic and hemolytic immune sera cause changes in the kidneys which by physiological methods of observation present no evidence of vascular injury, but which are anatomically characterized by exudative glomerular lesions of moderate severity. This discrepancy between the results of anatomical and physiological study indicates that a lesion of the membrane controlling the passage of fluids may occur without alteration in the power of the vessels to contract and dilate. This fact is shown clearly by the lesion caused by hemolytic immune serum, which is in sharp contrast to the lesion caused by diphtheria toxin, since the latter substance not only alters the permeability of the membranes but also influences markedly the power of the vessels to contract and dilate. It is necessary therefore if the term ,'vascular,' is used in its broadest sense, to recognize three types of vascular nephritis: (1) one in which little or no anatomical evidence of vascular injury is found, but in which physiological methods show profound vascular changes, as in arsenical nephritis; (2) one in which anatomical evidence of vascular (exudative) injury is prominent, but in which the physiological tests are negative, as in nephritis caused by a hemolytic immune serum; and (3) one in which both anatomical and physiological changes are prominent, as in diphtheria toxin nephritis.","zipf_score":0.129867475},
{"pmid":"19867499","affiliation":"Physiological Laboratory of the University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisconsin.","article_title":"STUDIES ON THE VENOUS PULSE : II. THE TIME RELATIONS OF THEVENOUS PULSE AND THE HEART SOUNDS.","authors":"J A Eyster","journal_issue":"14-6 Dec 1, 1911","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"This investigation comprises a study of venous pulse, carotid, cardiographic, and heart sound records from twenty-one men with normal hearts. The heart sounds were recorded by the method of Einthoven. When correction is made for transmission, the first heart sound begins, on an average, 0.131 of a second before the c-wave of the venous pulse, and has an average duration of 0.128 of a second. The second heart sound begins a few hundredths of a second before the v-wave and has a duration of 0.091 of a second. The third heart sound occurs shortly before or is coincident with the beginning of the h-wave. It has an average duration of about 0.03 of a second. Considerable variation from the average positions are noted in individual cases. This is especially true in the relation between the second heart sound and the v-wave. Measurements of the venous pulse and heart sound intervals show that the a-c, c-v, and v-h venous pulse intervals, the first to second and the second to third heart sound intervals, and systole tend to remain fairly constant in length when cardiac cycles of different length are considered. The v-a, h-a, and x-a venous pulse intervals, the third to first heart sound interval, and diastole tend to vary in length with variations in total length of the cycle. Records of the venous pulse and heart sound obtained from dogs show a similar relation to that found in man. The main difference observed was an earlier occurrence of the first heart sound before the c-wave of the venous pulse.","zipf_score":0.129867499},
{"pmid":"19867538","affiliation":"Hospital of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, New York.","article_title":"THE EFFECT OF FAT AND OF CARBOHYDRATE DIETS ON THE EXCRETION OF CREATIN IN CASES OF RETARDED DEVELOPMENT.","authors":"F H McCrudden","journal_issue":"15-5 May 1, 1912","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"In two cases of infantilism of the type of Herter, in one case of achondroplasia, and in one case of cretinism, creatin was constantly present in the urine and was increased in amount when the ingestion of carbohydrates was increased.","zipf_score":0.139867538},
{"pmid":"19867580","affiliation":"John Herr Musser Department of Research Medicine of the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia.","article_title":"THE RELATION OF THE SPLEEN TO BLOOD DESTRUCTION AND REGENERATION AND TO HEMOLYTIC JAUNDICE : I. REACTIONS TO HEMOLYTIC SERUM AT VARIOUS INTERVALS AFTER SPLENECTOMY.","authors":"R M Pearce, J H Austin, E B Krumbhaar","journal_issue":"16-3 Sep 1, 1912","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"This investigation brings out three points. 1. During the first three or four weeks after splenectomy hemoglobinuria due to hemolytic serum was not followed by jaundice. 2. One month and more after splenectomy the red cells had an increased resistance to hemolysis. 3. Three and a half months after splenectomy and even later, jaundice occasionally occurred spontaneously. Attempts to explain these three phenomena have been based on the following possibilities: (1) that some function of the spleen is essential for the degradation of hemoglobin or for the elaboration of its derivatives; (2) that there is some interrelation between the spleen and the blood-forming organs or between the spleen and the blood-disintegrating mechanism, or perhaps both interrelations exist; (3) that there is a disturbance of the hemolyzing or bile-forming function of the liver dependent on the blood changes following splenectomy. This multiplicity of problems and likewise of possible explanations has rendered the presentation of the explanatory work in one communication extremely difficult. In the interests of clearness, therefore, the various phases are dealt with in separate papers.","zipf_score":0.139867580},
{"pmid":"19867604","affiliation":"Hospital of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, New York.","article_title":"THE PRESENCE OF PROTECTIVE SUBSTANCES IN HUMAN SERUM DURING LOBAR PNEUMONIA.","authors":"A R Dochez","journal_issue":"16-5 Nov 1, 1912","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"These experiments demonstrate that protective substances are usually present in the blood of patients recovering from lobar pneumonia. As a rule, the appearance of protective bodies in the blood, when demonstrable, coincides rather sharply with the period of critical fall in temperature and the disappearance of symptoms. These substances are not present in the blood in any measurable degree before the crisis, but afterward they may reach a considerable concentration. In certain instances, protective substances either become evident some time after the occurrence of the crisis, or cannot be demonstrated at any period of the disease. Experiments in which it is possible to test serum against an homologous strain of pneumococcus yield in the majority of cases evidence of the presence of protective bodies; whereas in those in which stock cultures are used, the serum, as a rule, shows no protection. The development of specific protective substances in the serum of patients with lobar pneumonia suggests that these bodies may play a part in the mechanism of recovery.","zipf_score":0.139867604},
{"pmid":"19867674","affiliation":"Pharmacological and Pathological Laboratories of the University of Wisconsin, Madison.","article_title":"MORPHOLOGICAL STUDIES IN EXPERIMENTAL CRETINISM.","authors":"A L Tatum","journal_issue":"17-6 Jun 1, 1913","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"In summarizing the findings of this paper it may be said that degenerative changes have been noted in practically every parenchymatous organ. Among these the most striking has been that of serous imbibition by the most active cells of these organs. In regard to the changes in the glands of internal secretion, the findings corroborate the statements of Cushing in regard to hypophysectomy, that removal of one gland of internal secretion results in changes in all the other glands. In this case, degenerative changes predominate in the hypophysis, thymus, ovary, and testis, while hyperplasia is seen in the islands of Langerhans and the medullas of the adrenal glands. Finally, in the rabbit athyroidism is responsible for grave degenerative changes in practically all organs and tissues of the body, and many of the symptoms of cretinism have an anatomical basis in organic cellular changes.","zipf_score":0.149867674},
{"pmid":"19867717","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, New York.","article_title":"RESISTANCE TO A TUMOR-PRODUCING AGENT AS DISTINCT FROM RESISTANCE TO THE IMPLANTED TUMOR CELLS : OBSERVATIONS WITH A SARCOMA OF THE FOWL.","authors":"P Rous","journal_issue":"18-4 Oct 1, 1913","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Ultraviolet light rapidly kills the cells of a transplantable sarcoma of the fowl without notably injuring the etiological agent associated therewith. The Roentgen ray has little effect on either cells or agent. Fowls manifest two sorts of resistance to the avian tumor, one directed against the implanted tumor cells as such, the other against the action of the etiological agent to cause a neoplastic change. In the individual fowl the two resistances appear to be independent of one another, though they may exist together or may both be absent. A recognition of them will perhaps explain some features in the biology of other tumors.","zipf_score":0.149867717},
{"pmid":"19867741","affiliation":"Hospital of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, New York.","article_title":"THE RELATION OF THE AURICULAR ACTIVITY FOLLOWING FARADIZATION OF THE DOG'S AURICLE TO ABNORMAL AURICULAR ACTIVITY IN MAN.","authors":"G C Robinson","journal_issue":"18-6 Dec 1, 1913","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The tumultuous auricular activity which follows faradization of the auricles of mammals and which has been variously described, could be distinctly seen to consist almost constantly in our experiments on dogs of true fibrillatory movements of the separate muscle fibers coëxisting with a rapid auricular tachycardia. During peripheral stimulation of the right vagus nerve the true fibrillation alone existed, the tachycardia being inhibited. A comparison of the electrocardiograms from dogs with this abnormal auricular activity with those from patients with the type of cardiac arhythmia which has been attributed to auricular fibrillation, and from patients with so called auricular flutter, indicates that the auricular activity in patients with either of these conditions differs somewhat from that usually seen in the faradized auricles of the dog in our experiments. The auricular activity of the cases of cardiac arhythmia is apparently true fibrillation, similar to that seen in the faradized auricles of the dog during right vagus stimulation. The electrocardiograms from cases of so called auricular flutter usually give no evidence of auricular fibrillation, and the auricular activity seems to consist of tachycardia alone. Fibrillation may apparently coëxist with the tachycardia in some cases, when the auricular activity seems to resemble closely that usually seen in the dog after auricular faradization. During peripheral stimulation of the left vagus nerve, the electrocardiograms obtained after auricular faradization show changes which render them more nearly similar to those obtained from patients with auricular flutter. The facts that the auricular activity of the faradized auricles of the dog may apparently pass spontaneously into that closely resembling auricular flutter in man, that it may be changed into true fibrillation by right vagus stimulation, and that the abnormal auricular activity in man passes from a state of flutter to that of fibrillation in a similar manner, may be taken as evidence for the belief that auricular fibrillation and auricular flutter in man are closely allied cardiac disorders.","zipf_score":0.149867741},
{"pmid":"19867783","affiliation":"Pathological Laboratory of the Mount Sinai Hospital, New York.","article_title":"EXPERIMENTAL FOCALIZED MYOCARDIAL LESIONS PRODUCED WITH STREPTOCOCCUS MITIS.","authors":"W Thalhimer, M A Rothschild","journal_issue":"19-5 May 1, 1914","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. By the intravenous injection into rabbits of Streptococcus mitis, we have produced focalized myocardial lesions which are identical with those caused by the injection of Streptococcus rheumaticus, and with those produced by Bracht and Wächter with Streptococcus viridans. 2. The lesions differ from those which we produced by injections of streptococci from the Chicago epidemic of sore throat (epidemic streptococcus). 3. The lesions are not identical with Aschoff bodies and are easily differentiated from them. They also differ from the foci produced by Jackson and Coombs, who describe their lesions as being either Aschoff bodies or similar formations. 4. The myocardial lesions of the rabbit appear to be caused by toxins liberated by the streptococci injected and not by the living organisms themselves. 5. The only point of similarity between the experimental lesions and those found in cases of rheumatic carditis in man is their focalized nature.","zipf_score":0.159867783},
{"pmid":"19867824","affiliation":"Laboratory of Physiological Chemistry of the Pathological Department of the Mt. Sinai Hospital, New York.","article_title":"STUDIES ON THE CHEMISTRY OF SEROUS EFFUSIONS.","authors":"A A Epstein","journal_issue":"20-4 Oct 1, 1914","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"A comparison of the results obtained in the analysis of the different effusions shows that they vary, (1) according to location, and (2) according to the disease in which they are produced. Thus the subcutaneous effusions are totally different in their composition from the abdominal or pleuritic fluids; and again the abdominal fluid of nephritic origin is different from those of cardiac or other origin. The cutaneous effusions are characterized by a very low protein content and a small amount of incoagulable nitrogen. Of the protein present in these fluids, the globulin constitutes the greater portion. In the mixed cardionephritic fluids the ratio of globulin to albumin is lower than that in normal blood serum; but when compared with the blood sera of cardionephritic cases there appears to be a certain parallelism. The chloride content of these fluids is considerably above that found in normal blood serum, but is comparable with those of corresponding cases. The effusions occurring in serous cavities differ from the cutaneous ones by their higher protein content. The highest values are attained in the pleural fluids, in which the protein present is almost the same as that in normal blood serum. The incoagulable nitrogen in these fluids is uniformly low. The chlorides vary in amount according to the nature of the case. In the effusions of inflammatory origin the values are lower than those found in the blood. In the pleural fluids of other than inflammatory origin the chloride content is either the same or higher than that of blood serum. The globulin-albumin ratio in all of these fluids except one (table III, fluid 61) is higher than that of normal blood serum. Otherwise the highest value is presented by a pleural fluid from a case of nephritis (table III, fluid 205) and the lowest by an empyema fluid (table III, fluid 30). The latter case is of especial interest because of the theory, first propounded by Schmidt, that the leucocytes in the purulent fluid are largely responsible for high globulin content. The abdominal fluids in general are less rich in protein than the pleural effusions. Those of cardiac origin give the highest protein values, but the globulin-albumin ratios are lower than in the pleural fluids or in the blood sera of corresponding cases. Only in two fluids does the globulin reach a percentage of 62 and 52.2. In both these cases the chloride content is also high. The incoagulable nitrogen in all of them is rather low. In one fluid of purely nephritic origin the protein content is low and all of it is globulin. This is suggestive, when compared with the values obtained in the analysis of the blood sera from nephritic cases. The results obtained in the analysis of abdominal fluids from cardionephritic cases approach very closely those obtained in purely cardiac cases.","zipf_score":0.159867824},
{"pmid":"19867862","affiliation":"Department of Pathology of the Barnard Free Skin and Cancer Hospital, St. Louis.","article_title":"THE RELATION BETWEEN THE STRUCTURE OF THE EPIDERMIS OF THE RAT AND THE GUINEA PIG, AND THE PROLIFERATIVE POWER OF NORMAL AND REGENERATING EPITHELIAL CELLS OF THE SAME SPECIES.","authors":"K C Spain","journal_issue":"21-3 Mar 1, 1915","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. A comparative study of the resting and regenerating epidermis of the rat, pigeon, and guinea pig shows the connection between the structure of the skin and the proliferating power of the epithelial cells. We may at present distinguish two types of epidermal cells: (a) cells with less proliferative energy (pigeon and rat), and (b) cells with a greater proliferative power (guinea pig); the former provides the element from which the type of a thin epidermis is built up, while from the latter the type of a thick epidermis develops. 2. The cell type with greater proliferative power in the normal skin shows also greater proliferative power during regeneration, and the regenerative stimulus causes approximately the same relative increase in the number and size of cells and nuclei in both kinds of skin during regeneration, provided that we base our determination of the number of mitoses on the same unit number of cells in both skins rather than on the same unit area. The absolute increase in the number of cells during regeneration is greatest in the type with the greatest proliferative power in the normal cell (guinea pig). 3. The number of mitoses and the size of cells and nuclei follow a similar curve in the different species during regeneration. They reach a maximum approximately on the 7th day; remain stationary or show some decline from the 7th day on until the time of the closure of the wound; following the closure a further fall takes place; but the figures remain higher than in the normal epidermis for a considerable period afterwards. There seems, therefore, to exist under the conditions of our experimentation a period of approximately 7 days, at the end of which the regenerative stimulus reaches its maximum effect. The closure of the wound represents probably an additional factor determining the curve of cell proliferation. Failure of the wound to close at an early date seems to make the decline in the number of mitoses sharp after the maximum has been reached. 4. The curve representing the thickness of living regenerating epithelium declines much more slowly than the curve representing cell size and number of mitoses. This indicates probably that even after closure of the wound some push of epithelial cell towards the center of the former wound continues to take place. 5. From the second day the additional growth of the epidermal tongue decreases in each successive period, if we use the length of the tongue at the beginning of each period as the unit of measurement. 6. Retraction and contraction of the wound are factors additional to epithelial movements and epithelial proliferation determining the closure of the wound.","zipf_score":0.169867862},
{"pmid":"19867886","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"DIFFUSION AND SURVIVAL OF THE POLIOMYELITIC VIRUS.","authors":"S Flexner, H L Amoss","journal_issue":"21-5 May 1, 1915","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The ordinary virus of poliomyelitis present in aseptically removed brain tissue of paralyzed monkeys survives in an ascitic fluid kidney medium at the temperature of 37 degrees C. for a period of at least twenty, but not of thirty days. Under the conditions of moderate anaerobiosis, the minute microorganism cultivated from poliomyelitic tissues tends not to develop in cultures from the brain tissue; hence its presence does not complicate the survival test. The diffusion of the ordinary poliomyelitic virus from a noncomminuted fragment of brain tissue into a surrounding medium of ascitic fluid is so slight as not to be detectable by inoculation experiments conducted with usual quantities of the fluid. The specific effects of the microörganism cultivated from poliomyelitic tissues are not caused by an admixture in the cultures of the ordinary virus of poliomyelitis; hence they must be caused by the pathogenic action of the microörganism itself. The minute microörganism is therefore to be regarded as the specific microbic cause of epidemic poliomyelitis.","zipf_score":0.169867886},
{"pmid":"19867927","affiliation":"Board of Health Laboratories, Ancon.","article_title":"THE DIAGNOSTIC VALUE OF THE PLACENTAL BLOOD FILM IN AESTIVO-AUTUMNAL MALARIA.","authors":"H C Clark","journal_issue":"22-4 Oct 1, 1915","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The placental blood film examination is worthy of routine application wherever aestivo-autumnal malaria is endemic. This type of malaria when associated with labor and the early days of the puerperium can be more easily and certainly diagnosed by the use of this film and a polychrome stain than by employing the usual films made from the mother's peripheral blood at the time of labor. The placental film in such an infection offers an abundance of adult parasites and far more evidence of the presence of pigment, while the peripheral blood film frequently offers but a scant number of the small ring or discoid forms of a parasite. The examination of the present series revealed positive placental films in nineteen cases, while but eight of these same cases were positive in the peripheral blood film examination. On the other hand, no peripheral blood films were found positive in which the associated placental films did not reveal a far more abundant evidence of the infection. 2. The early days of the puerperium can by this method be protected many times from a malarial outburst, and, as a rule, puerperal sepsis can be differentiated. 3. The intricate vascular architecture of the mature placenta rivals that of the spleen, liver, and bone marrow as a harbor for adult malarial parasites of this type and as a storage for pigment. 4. The localization of parasites in the placenta is unique. Here is the one vascular system which particularly favors the development of the parasites but which at the same time is so situated that it may be spontaneously discarded by the body at the climax of the attack. By this simple act late in pregnancy the prognosis for both mother and child may be improved. 5. The pregnant state encourages attacks of malaria by lowering bodily resistance and by furnishing an additional harbor for the development of parasites. A tenable theory in regard to most attacks of this nature, occurring in cases under professional care, would appear to be the development of latent malaria (malarial carriers) into acute attacks toward the close of the pregnant state. The women who expose themselves (as the negroes in this series) offer favorable conditions to the introduction of a primary infection. Malaria frequently interrupts the late stages of pregnancy and sometimes causes the death of the mother and the fetus, more often the latter. The records at Ancon indicate that it more frequently exerts a harmful influence than other types of infectious diseases in this locality. 6. Most of the children in this series that were delivered while malaria was present in the mother, were of a race that seems to possess a relative immunity to the ravages of malaria. This may account for the fact that the negro fetus more nearly approximates the full term of development when associated with this disease and is comparatively subjected to a less number of the accidents of pregnancy. Many of them revealed evidence of prematurity and were jaundiced, but, as a rule, they developed rapidly. The commonest mishap is miscarriage late in pregnancy. Occasional still-births occur and sometimes there is a fatal issue to both the mother and child. 7. Cases diagnosed as congenital malaria probably indicate that some accident occurred to the placenta, because it practically never happens that fetal blood is positive at the time of birth, regardless of the degree of infection in the mother. Many of the cases now reported in the literature as congenital malaria suggest immediate postnatal infection as their history, as our pathological and clinical records testify. 8. The size of the intervillous spaces of the placenta and their adaptability in the localization of parasites seem to disprove to a certain extent the old idea that the localization depends on the smallness of the capillary caliber. If this were the case the brain should be more often the seat of an extensive localization than the spleen, bone marrow, and placenta, yet our anatomical records will not support that theory. A sluggish blood sinus with a large endothelial surface, a higher internal body temperature, and red blood cells burdened with parasites of a certain age beyond the ring form seem to be important factors in the localization and development of the aestivo-autumnal parasite. 9. The racial disparity of malarial infections shown in this series is believed to be due to local conditions and a wrong impression is apt to be given by our statistics in regard to the relative immunity of the negro race. The white women on the Canal Zone avail themselves of all the opportunities the sanitary system affords; they live well and place the entire course of their pregnant state under competent professional care, while the negro woman is indifferent to her pregnant state, works as a domestic servant, and lives in the cheapest unprotected quarters that can be rented in the suburban divisions of Panama City where the malarial rate is highest and the sanitary control is difficult. It should be noted that these negro women can carry an infection with little manifestation of its presence that would produce serious results in the white women brought from the temperate zone regions of Europe and the United States.","zipf_score":0.169867927},
{"pmid":"19867951","affiliation":"Department of Pathology, Medical Department, Vanderbilt University, Nashville.","article_title":"THE RELATION OF SERUM ESTERASE TO LIVER DESTRUCTION : STUDIES ON FERMENT ACTION. XXIX.","authors":"J W Jobling, A A Eggstein, W Petersen","journal_issue":"22-6 Dec 1, 1915","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. Liver tissue showing fatty degeneration obtained from animals poisoned with phosphorus or chloroform contains a decreased amount of esterase. 2. The serum of animals poisoned with phosphorus or chloroform has a high esterase activity. 3. The increased amount of esterase in the serum is not derived from the disintegrating liver cells as the esterase in the blood of the hepatic vein is less than that found elsewhere.","zipf_score":0.169867951},
{"pmid":"19867997","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"KLOSSIELLA INFECTION OF THE GUINEA PIG.","authors":"L Pearce","journal_issue":"23-4 Apr 1, 1916","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"We have found in the kidneys of twelve supposedly normal guinea pigs, coming from Pennsylvania and New Jersey, a parasite that closely resembles in some of its phases Klossiella muris, described by Smith and Johnson, and the renal parasite of two West African guinea pigs, described by Seidelin. The forms most commonly found by us and described as the sporoblast cycle, are evidently similar to those described by Smith and Johnson and by Seidelin. There are certain discrepancies of measurement between the parasite described by Seidelin and the one here described, but the most important difference between the two is the different number of sporozoites resulting from a final division of the daughter sporoblasts. Seidelin has found thirty sporozoites; we have found from eight to twelve, while the usual number is eight. Further, we have found a ring form which is unlike any of the stages in either the sporoblast or schizogonic cycle, and which we interpret tentatively as the male element or microgamete. In addition, we have found a tubular form which resembles the glomerular body of Klossiella muris and which we think is the schizogonic phase of this parasite.","zipf_score":0.179867997},
{"pmid":"19868021","affiliation":"Department of Physiology and Pharmacology of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"THE ABSORPTION OF ADRENALIN AFTER INTRATRACHEAL INJECTION.","authors":"J Auer, F L Gates","journal_issue":"23-6 Jun 1, 1916","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"In the preceding pages we have submitted evidence which shows that a simple intratracheal injection of a solution in a normally breathing rabbit penetrates within a few seconds to the alveoli, chiefly those of the left lower lobe; that absorption is rapid and well maintained; and that the procedure may be repeated effectively a number of times even with a substance like adrenalin which decreases absorption. It was also shown that absorption of adrenalin from the lung could be obtained at a time when double the dose given intramuscularly exerted no blood pressure effect whatever, and that absorption could still take place after the development of pulmonary edema, when there was an undoubted dilution of the injected solution with a serum-containing liquid and when a diminution of the absorptive field had occurred. The solution injected, after reaching the alveoli, is probably largely taken up by the capillaries of the pulmonary veins. This is indicated by the great rapidity with which an intratracheal injection of adrenalin may cause a rise of blood pressure. In numerous instances, for example, the pressure began to rise less than 5 seconds after the completion of an injection, equaling and even surpassing in rapidity of effect an intramuscular injection. Absorption by the lymphatics probably plays a secondary part, an assumption rendered all themore likely if we consider that lymph nodes are interpolated in the lymphatic pulmonary path, where the bed of the lymph stream becomes greatly widened and the current slowed. Injection into the lungs, however, offers another advantage due to the vascular arrangement of the absorbing field which could be of value therapeutically. Absorption of liquids injected into the lung probably takes place largely through the capillaries of the pulmonary veins; to a slight extent possibly through the capillaries of the bronchial veins which empty partly into the pulmonary veins, partly into the azygos veins; and probably some absorption occurs also through the lymphatics. By far the larger proportion of the absorbed material will thus be rapidly delivered to the left auricle and then to the left ventricle. At each succeeding systole, as long as absorption continues, a fraction of the drug will be driven into the coronary arteries and be able to affect the musculature of the cardiac pump. This fact ought to render the procedure of intratracheal injection a valuable method when it becomes imperative to stimulate a suddenly failing heart as promptly as possible by drugs of the digitalis group. Intratracheal injection is perhaps better under the conditions mentioned than the intravenous route, for the surface veins cannot always be entered with promptness and certainty even under fairly normal conditions, and in cases of cardiac weakness the difficulties will be measurably increased, while an intratracheal injection can be carried out with ease. Moreover, it is legitimate to expect that some absorption will take place from the lung alveoli as long as the heart-lung circulation persists, no matter how feebly, and that thus some of the drug will reach the heart to act on this structure itself more promptly perhaps than when the drug is administered successfully through surface veins. As far as the intramuscular route is concerned, we have shown that the intratracheal injection of adrenalin gives prompt though diminished absorption at a time when double the dose intramuscularly exerts no blood pressure effect whatever. The technical difficulties of giving an intratracheal injection in animals are slight. Tracheotomy as practised by us in the present series of experiments is not necessary, for the injection may be given into the intact trachea without exposure of the trachea. The hypodermic needle is inserted through the skin about 1 cm. below the larynx in a slanting caudad direction; the entrance of the needle into the trachea is readily felt. The injection should not be so rapid that the injected solution fills the entire tracheal lumen, but it should flow down the sides of the trachea. If the lumen is entirely filled, an expiration may drive some of the injected liquid into the larynx causing cough. In our experiments each injection of about 0.5 cc. consumed approximately 5 seconds. In the human subject no data are available as far as our knowledge goes, but a priori it would seem that an intratracheal injection is almost as simple as in the lower animals. The free hypodermic needle could be inserted into the tracheal lumen immediately below the cricoid cartilage. The needle itself should preferably be connected with the syringe by a short length of rubber tubing to minimize the danger of breaking the needle by a sudden move of the patient. The amount of the solution should not be too small, so that at least a fraction of it may reach the alveoli as promptly as possible; 3 to 5 cc. probably would suffice. Insertion of the needle in the locality mentioned would puncture the isthmus of the thyroid, but this is of no significance, especially when the procedure is employed in cases of cardiac failure where the gravity of the condition would warrant incurring much heavier risks than a slight bleeding from the thyroidal isthmus. In conclusion it may be said that the incorporation of drugs by intratracheal injection, while not as generally applicable as other methods, nevertheless has advantages which warrant its use also in human therapeutics.","zipf_score":0.179868021},
{"pmid":"19868057","affiliation":"Laboratory Service of the Letterman General Hospital, U. S. Army, San Francisco.","article_title":"EXPERIMENTAL OBSERVATIONS ON THE PATHOGENESIS OF GALL-BLADDER INFECTIONS IN TYPHOID, CHOLERA, AND DYSENTERY.","authors":"H J Nichols","journal_issue":"24-5 Nov 1, 1916","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The theory of the production of gall-bladder lesions in typhoid, by descending infection of the bile from the liver receives support from investigations with the common duct fistula method in the rabbit. More bacilli appear in the bile with increased doses and more gall-bladder infections are obtained by increased doses. More bacilli appear in the bile after mesenteric vein injection than after ear vein injection and more lesions result under the first condition. More bacilli appear in the bile after injection of the same dose in immunized animals than in normal animals and more lesions also result in immunized animals. In cholera and dysentery the same mechanism is suggested with the additional factor of a portal system septicemia. 2. After the appearance of microorganisms in rabbit bile, their fate is apparently largely determined by the antiseptic properties of the bile. 100 per cent infections cannot be secured by intravenous doses large enough to insure the presence of microorganisms in the bile. Rabbit bile in vitro may be antiseptic to the microorganisms considered. The antiseptic action is largely due to its alkalinity. It is apparently possible to protect the rabbit to some degree against gall-bladder infection by a previous injection of sodium bicarbonate. 3. Alkaline therapy is suggested in the prevention and cure of gall-bladder carriers.","zipf_score":0.179868057},
{"pmid":"19868103","affiliation":"Bureau of Entomology, U. S. Department of Agriculture, Washington, D. C., and the Laboratories of Clinical Medicine of the School of Medicine of Tulane University, New Orleans.","article_title":"THE EFFECT OF COLD UPON MALARIA PARASITES IN THE MOSQUITO HOST.","authors":"W V King","journal_issue":"25-3 Mar 1, 1917","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The experiments reported here have shown that the parasite of tertian malaria in the mosquito host is able to survive exposure to a temperature of 30 degrees F. for a period of 2 days, 31 degrees F. for 4 days, and a mean temperature of 46 degrees F. for 17 days. In a smaller series of tests the sporonts of the estivo-autumnal parasite have shown a resistance to temperatures as low as 35 degrees F. for 24 hours.","zipf_score":0.189868103},
{"pmid":"19868127","affiliation":"Pathological Laboratory of Washington University Medical School, St. Louis.","article_title":"THE FOCAL PULMONARY TUBERCULOSIS OF CHILDREN AND ADULTS.","authors":"E L Opie","journal_issue":"25-6 Jun 1, 1917","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Evidence of tuberculous infection has been found in the lungs of all of fifty adults who have been examined. Approximately one-half of all adults have encapsulated lesions of the lungs or bronchial lymphatic nodes, whereas in one-third pulmonary and lymphatic lesions are firmly calcified and completely healed. Tuberculous pulmonary lesions of adults who have died of diseases other than tuberculosis are of two types: (1) apical tuberculosis similar to the usual type of fatal phthisis and unaccompanied by caseation, of the regional lymphatic nodes; (2) focal tuberculosis not more commonly situated in the apices of the lungs than elsewhere and accompanied by caseation (or calcification) of the adjacent lymphatic nodes. Focal pulmonary tuberculosis of adults is identical with the tuberculosis of childhood. It occurs in at least 92 per cent of all adults. It may be acquired between the ages of 2 and 10 years but in more than half of all individuals (in this city) makes its appearance between the ages of 10 and 18 years. Tuberculosis of children does not select the apices of the lungs, is accompanied by massive tuberculosis of regional lymphatic nodes, and exhibits the characters of tuberculosis in a freshly infected animal, whereas tuberculosis which occurs in the pulmonary apices of adults has the characters of a second infection. Almost all human beings are spontaneously ,'vaccinated,' with tuberculosis before they reach adult life.","zipf_score":0.189868127},
{"pmid":"19868173","affiliation":"Gabritchewsky Bacteriological Institute, University of Moscow, Moscow, Russia.","article_title":"HEMOLYSINS OF VEGETABLE ORIGIN.","authors":"I L Kritchevsky","journal_issue":"26-5 Nov 1, 1917","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The sap of Cotyledon scheideckeri possesses hemolysins for the red corpuscles of different animals. 2. The hemolysins of vegetable sap can be bound by erythrocytes and cannot be separated. 3. A definite quantity of erythrocytes is able to extract from the sap only a part of the hemolysins it contains. 4. The quantity of hemolysins in the sap of different plants is subjected to the same fluctuations as that of bacterial agglutinins, precipitins, and hemagglutinins. 5. As the hemolysins are bound by erythrocytes, the hemolysis can take place not only at 37 degrees but also at 15-16 degrees . 6. The thermostability of the hemolysins varies from one individual plant to another. 7. In many cases the vegetable sap loses its hemolytic properties at a certain temperature and recovers them at a higher one. 8. The vegetable sap is unable to produce complete hemolysis of erythrocytes. 9. But the sap of many plants acquires the power to dissolve red corpuscles completely after I hour of heating at 134 degrees and 144 degrees . 10. Erythrocytes modified by Cotyledon sap cannot be dissolved completely even by distilled water. 11. The agglutination of the erythrocytes and their hemolysis are conditioned, probably, by different substances. 12. The hemolytic amboceptor and the hemolysin of Cotyledon scheideckeri can be bound with the same receptor of the erythrocytes.","zipf_score":0.189868173},
{"pmid":"19868215","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"FURTHER STUDIES ON THE PROPERTIES OF PURE VACCINE VIRUS CULTIVATED IN VIVO.","authors":"H Noguchi","journal_issue":"27-3 Mar 1, 1918","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The virulence of vaccine virus for the testicular tissues increases until its maximum is finally reached. The selective increase is not associated with any loss, reduction, or modification in its virulence for the skin. A highly potent testicular vaccine is also highly active for the skin. 2. The testicular strain of vaccine virus has no more tendency to localize in various organs than the ordinary skin strain. Both may localize in adjacent lymph nodes when introduced intravenously, subcutaneously, or intratesticularly in sufficiently large quantities, but other organs are not involved. 3. Intravenous inoculation of an excessive amount of a powerful vaccine virus (1 to 2 cc. of undiluted stock emulsion), irrespective of whether it is from the testis or the skin, will result in a generalized eruption over the entire body surface of rabbits. The eruption may be confluent on mucous membranes of the mouth, nostrils, genitalia, etc. Intratesticular or subcutaneous inoculations of the same virus fail to produce this effect. 4. Subcutaneous or intravenous introduction of much smaller quantities of the virus does not cause an appreciable local or general reaction in the rabbit. But the animals which have once received these injections become refractory to a subsequent vaccination as applied to the skin. It seems probable that an active immunity has been conferred. 5. Experiments on the viability and resistance of the testicular strain of vaccine virus indicate that the virus is best preserved when emulsified with Ringer's solution or 0.9 per cent saline solution. Distilled water, while apparently one of the best diluents, fails to keep the virus active as long as Ringer's or saline solutions. As would be expected, the lower the temperature is, the longer the virus retains its viability. At 18 degrees or 37 degrees C., the deterioration of the virus proceeds rapidly. However, a small part of the virus survives after many weeks' standing at 37 degrees C. 6. Of the two most commonly employed chemical agents for the ripening (eliminating bacteria) process of the green vaccine pulp, glycerol and phenol, the latter is the less injurious. Phenol in concentration above 2 per cent destroys the virus within 24 hours at any temperature, but it has almost no injurious effect when used in 0.5 to 1 per cent. On the other hand, glycerol is a powerful vaccinicide. When used in full strength it destroys the virus within 24 hours, even at 4 degrees C. In a concentration of 40 per cent, that ordinarily recommended for the ripening, the virus retains some of its virulence for about half a year at 4 degrees C., while at higher temperatures the same concentration kills the virus within 1 to 2 months. The virus preserved in distilled water or Ringer's solution under similar temperature conditions remains more active during this period. From this it may be concluded that glycerol is not an indifferent agent, as is assumed by many, but a powerful vaccinicide when used in high concentrations. The injurious effect is markedly accelerated at 18 degrees or 37 degrees C. 7. The vaccine virus retains its virulence better in a sealed tube containing either hydrogen, nitrogen, or air than in an open receptacle. The virus deteriorates when placed in a sealed tube with oxygen or carbon dioxide. 8. Desiccation decreases to a considerable degree the virulence of the vaccine virus. In the dried state the virus retains its viability about as long as does the emulsion, but it is not protected from the deterioration caused by age under various conditions. 9. Iodine is a powerful disinfectant for the vaccine virus, but its sodium and potassium salts have no effect. Various bile salts destroy the vaccine virus when employed in sufficient concentration.","zipf_score":0.199868215},
{"pmid":"19868239","affiliation":"Laboratory of Dr. Mary R. Lawson, New London.","article_title":"AESTIVO-AUTUMNAL PARASITES. MULTIPLE INFECTION OF RED CORPUSCLES AND THE VARIOUS HYPOTHESES CONCERNING IT.","authors":"M R Lawson","journal_issue":"27-6 Jun 1, 1918","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. Multiple infection of red corpuscles with young parasites is seen in all malarial infections, but it is found most frequently in the aestivo-autumnal infections. The occurrence is accidental and has no significance other than that if the instances are numerous it suggests a heavy infection. 2. In instances of multiple infection the young parasites may be seen to be attached: (a) each encircling its own corpuscular mound, giving the typical ring-form picture, or (b) two or more encircling one corpuscular mound, giving the appearance of a single ring with two or more masses of chromatin. 3. Certain hypotheses as to the conjugation of malarial parasites have been formulated by observers to explain various instances of multiple infection. I do not believe that conjugation ever occurs. I believe that these hypotheses resulted from observation of certain appearances presented by the attached parasites, as when they are attached so closely together that they may appear to be adherent, or when two or more are attached to one corpuscular mound, giving the appearance of a single parasite with more than one mass of chromatin. 4. Certain appearances have also been described as a precocious division of the chromatin masses of young parasites. In these instances the chromatin granules were usually described as varying in size. Such an appearance may be explained as follows: (a) two young parasites in varying stages of development may encircle one corpuscular mound, the cytoplasm of one parasite being superimposed over that of the other parasite, giving a picture of a single ring with two unequal masses of chromatin; or (b) the variation in the size and number of the chromatin masses may be the result of traumatism, as the nuclei of young parasites are rather easily broken up. 5. Multiple infection of red corpuscles with crescentic bodies is considered rather a rare occurrence. It is always accidental, and if the instances are numerous it means a severe infection. 6. When one accepts the fact that all malarial parasites are attached to the external surface of the red corpuscles, the biological and morphological characteristics of the parasites cease to be obscure.","zipf_score":0.199868239},
{"pmid":"19868277","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"THE SPIROCHETAL FLORA OF THE NORMAL FEMALE GENITALIA.","authors":"H Noguchi, D J Kaliski","journal_issue":"28-5 Oct 31, 1918","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The spirochetal flora of normal female genitalia is similar to that of the male and consists of Treponema calligyrum, Treponema minutum, and Spironema refringens. The types are present in varying proportions, but the calligyrum usually predominates, and the refringens is the least frequent. The female genitalia are much richer generally in the number of spirochetes than the male.","zipf_score":0.199868277},
{"pmid":"18010246","affiliation":"","article_title":"VENEREAL DISEASE CONTROL: METHODS, OBSTACLES AND RESULTS.","authors":"C C Pierce","journal_issue":"10-2 Feb, 1920","journal_title":"American journal of public health (New York, N.Y. : 1912)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"This is really a report of progress. Co-operation of the Government with state health departments has produced such results that the backward step of discontinuance can never be taken. The problem of preventing venereal disease has become one of the principal phases of preventive medicine and physicians and health officers can not possibly longer remain indifferent.","zipf_score":0.218010246},
{"pmid":"18010270","affiliation":"","article_title":"SCHOOL HYGIENE FOR RURAL COMMUNITIES.","authors":"G Whitford","journal_issue":"10-3 Mar, 1920","journal_title":"American journal of public health (New York, N.Y. : 1912)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"An opportunity for the rural school child equal to that of his city brother is the text of this article. Interest the parents by making the schoolhouse the community center. They will then realize what it stands for. Rest rooms are needed and playgrounds and the general development of the spirit of play, together with medical inspection and regular physical exercise.","zipf_score":0.218010270},
{"pmid":"18010342","affiliation":"","article_title":"AN EPIDEMIC OF PNEUMONIC PLAGUE.","authors":"W H Kellogg","journal_issue":"10-7 Jul, 1920","journal_title":"American journal of public health (New York, N.Y. : 1912)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Dr. Kellogg calls on health authorities to wake from their apathy with reference to plague in California, and instead of restrictive measures to adopt an aggressive warfare. He points out that there is real danger to the country and urges adequate appropriations to exterminate the animal disease carriers while this may be done with certainty.","zipf_score":0.218010342},
{"pmid":"18010390","affiliation":"","article_title":"METHODS OF PLAGUE CONTROL.","authors":"F Simpson","journal_issue":"10-11 Nov, 1920","journal_title":"American journal of public health (New York, N.Y. : 1912)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"If we are economically and efficiently to ward off plague we must rid ourselves of the rat. This demands coördination of effort, management, organization and funds. Rat destruction and rat-proofing are preventive measures that fortunately do not involve financial loss, while they will eliminate the dangerous rodent from the homes and environment of men.","zipf_score":0.218010390},
{"pmid":"18010414","affiliation":"","article_title":"JUDGING THE KEEPING QUALITY OF MILK BY A Ph METHOD.","authors":"L H Cooledge, R W Wyant","journal_issue":"10-12 Dec, 1920","journal_title":"American journal of public health (New York, N.Y. : 1912)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"With constantly increasing milk supply areas for large cities knowledge of how long the milk will keep is important. Bacterial counts, while important for other information, do not give definite answers about this. A hydrogen-ion test may be applied which will afford a reasonable judgment on this point.","zipf_score":0.218010414},
{"pmid":"18010438","affiliation":"","article_title":"THE VALUE OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH SURVEY IN THE PUBLIC HEALTH CAMPAIGN.","authors":"M P Horwood, J Schevitz","journal_issue":"11-2 Feb, 1921","journal_title":"American journal of public health (New York, N.Y. : 1912)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The value of a public health survey depends as much on the community as on the survey itself. Its benefits lie largely in the follow-up. The survey is a powerful agent in stimulating public interest, diffusing knowledge and defining the health status. Like the physical examination of individuals the survey should be a regular function.","zipf_score":0.228010438},
{"pmid":"18010534","affiliation":"","article_title":"HEALTH TEACHING AND THE SCHOOL HEALTH PROGRAM.","authors":"C E Turner","journal_issue":"11-8 Aug, 1921","journal_title":"American journal of public health (New York, N.Y. : 1912)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Health teaching in schools where the interest of the pupils was directed towards their own health conditions resulted in large health gains to them. Control classes lacking this incentive gained much less. The author suggests uniform health programs in schools as a part of the government machinery.","zipf_score":0.228010534},
{"pmid":"17750627","affiliation":"","article_title":"DIET AND BODY FAT.","authors":"L B Mendel, W E Anderson","journal_issue":"64-1659 Oct 15, 1926","journal_title":"Science (New York, N.Y.)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Rats first fed soybean oil and peanut oil diets, then subjected to the process of fat depletion through selective starvation, involving 23 to 27 per cent. loss in body weight, before being fed a ,'hardening,' diet, yielded ,'harder,' fats-fats of lower iodine number values-than the fats of rats which were not starved before being fed the carbohydrate-rich diet. In other words, through the process of starvation, the ,'soft,' oily fat produced on diets containing soybean' or peanut oils is very largely removed, thereby permitting the deposit of a ,'hard,' fat. To obtain a fat of equal ,'hardness,' from rats which were not subjected to the starvation treatment would have required a much longer period of feeding of the diet rich in starch than was found necessary with rats after first being starved. The growth of recovery made by the rats of the starved lots was made on a low food intake. With the starved rats flrst fed peanut oil, the food intake of the carbohydrate-rich diet was less than with the non-starved group. The possible application of these findings to practical animal husbandry is obvious.","zipf_score":0.277750627},
{"pmid":"17836639","affiliation":"","article_title":"STINGING CRYSTALS IN PLANTS.","authors":"D A Herbert","journal_issue":"60-1548 Aug 29, 1924","journal_title":"Science (New York, N.Y.)","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The results go to show that in the case of plants with stinging crystals, the action consists of two distinct stages: (1) The mechanical action of the raphides in piercing the skin; (2) The entrance through the minute wounds of a proteolytic enzyme which is the cause of the greater part of the effect The removal of the crystals by filtration or the destruction of the enzyme will not eliminate all the irritating properties, but the two actions together are sufficient, and so the action must be regarded as being produced by combination of the two factors.","zipf_score":0.257836639},
{"pmid":"19868305","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"STUDIES ON X-RAY EFFECTS : I. DESTRUCTIVE ACTION ON BLOOD CELLS.","authors":"H D Taylor, W D Witherbee, J B Murphy","journal_issue":"29-1 Jan 1, 1919","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. X-rays in large doses affect the lymphocytes before any of the other circulating cells. 2. There is a sharp fall in the total number of circulating lymphocytes, which is complete 48 hours after x-ray treatment. 3. Following the immediate decrease in the circulating lymphocytes there is a primary rise, followed by another fall, which in turn is followed by a permanent rise of these cells to normal. 4. The effect of the x-rays on different species of animals varies considerably, but in those studied, cat, monkey, guinea pig, rabbit, rat, mouse, and pony, the selective action on the lymphocytes was in all instances apparent. 5. When several animals of the same species are given the same dose of x-rays, the effect on the circulating lymphocytes seems to be quantitatively parallel, when determined by blood counts. 6. The polymorphonuclear neutrophilic leucocytes, when affected at all, increase in number immediately after the administration of the x-rays and then tend to decrease below their normal level. This decrease is followed by a return to normal many days before the lymphocytes reach their original level. 7. The other cells of the blood follow the neutrophilic curve. 8. Percentage figures, as determined by differential blood counts, do not give an accurate indication of the effect of the x-rays. It is only when these are multiplied by the total white blood count that a figure, representing the total number of cells of the series per c. mm. of blood, is obtained, which varies to the stimulus in a constant manner, the variations being practically quantitative.","zipf_score":0.209868305},
{"pmid":"19868383","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"THE LYMPHOCYTE IN NATURAL AND INDUCED RESISTANCE TO TRANSPLANTED CANCER : V. HISTOLOGICAL STUDY OF THE LYMPHOID TISSUE OF MICE WITH INDUCED IMMUNITY TO TRANSPLANTED CANCER.","authors":"J B Murphy, W Nakahara","journal_issue":"31-1 Jan 1, 1920","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Mice immunized against cancer by means of an injection of defibrinated blood show in the germinal centers of the lymphoid organs a marked increase in the numbers of mitotic figures. The increase becomes evident 48 hours after the injection in the majority of instances and reaches its climax at about the 5th day. After this time it subsides, returning to the normal rate about the 10th day. These immunized animals, when inoculated with a cancer graft 10 days after the injection, show a second stimulation of the lymphoid centers similar to the first but more intense in character. This increase in the number of mitotic figures becomes evident as early as 24 hours after the cancer inoculation and persists in a marked degree for a week, after which there is a gradual return to the normal rate. The lymphocytes of the circulating blood during the establishment of the immunity show frequent examples of amitotic division, and many examples of irregular and lobulated nuclei. These changes suggest intensified functional activity. Contrary to the statement of Da Fano, cellular reaction in the subcutaneous tissues of immunized animals is present only in the region infiltrated by the injected cells. This fact becomes conspicuous when the immunizing injection is given intraperitoneally, in which case no cellular accumulations are noted in the loose connective tissues. No constant cellular changes were noted in the bone marrow, thymus or thyroid gland, liver, or kidney of the treated animals.","zipf_score":0.219868383},
{"pmid":"19868434","affiliation":"Laboratory of Dr. Mary R. Lawson, New London.","article_title":"SEGMENTING TERTIAN MALARIAL PARASITES ON RED CORPUSCLES SHOWING LITTLE OR NO LOSS OF HEMOGLOBIN SUBSTANCE. EVIDENCE OF MIGRATION.","authors":"M R Lawson","journal_issue":"32-2 Jul 31, 1920","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. Malarial parasites destroy more than one red corpuscle, migrating to another as soon as one is destroyed. 2. Pigmented segmenting parasites attached to red corpuscles whose hemoglobin is intact or nearly so are prima facie evidence of migration. 3. Infected corpuscles in tertian infections may be enlarged as a result of the large size of the attached parasite as well as by parasitic action. 4. The young parasites resulting from the segmenting bodies attached to healthy red corpuscles usually attach themselves independently to the infected corpuscle and remain there until the corpuscle is destroyed.","zipf_score":0.219868434},
{"pmid":"19868488","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"THERAPEUTIC ACTION OF N-PHENYLGLYCINEAMIDE-p-ARSONIC ACID (TRYPARSAMIDE) UPON EXPERIMENTAL INFECTIONS OF TRYPANOSOMA RHODESIENSE.","authors":"L Pearce, W H Brown","journal_issue":"33-2 Jan 31, 1921","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"A series of experiments was carried out to determine the effects of tryparsamide upon the infections produced in various species of animals by Tr. rhodesiense. The strain of trypanosome used was one which possessed a very low virulence for guinea pigs, was fairly virulent for mice and rats, and highly virulent for rabbits. Therapeutic experiments carried out on 24 hour infections in mice and rats showed that cures could be obtained in this class of infections by the administration of a single large dose of the drug amounting to approximately two-thirds of the maximum tolerable dose, as contrasted with similar results in cases of gambiense infections from approximately one-ninth and one-fifth of this dose respectively. With advanced infections in rabbits, there appeared to be no single dose of the drug capable of insuring a cure which could be administered with safety, although some cures were obtainable with doses approximating the maximum tolerable dose. Treatment of these infections could be carried to a successful conclusion, however, by an intensive system of treatment in which large doses of the drug were administered at short intervals of time, and even relapses yielded to this treatment in some instances. The employment of such a method of treatment was possible on account of the unusual tolerance exhibited by animals to this drug, a fact which was previously emphasized.","zipf_score":0.229868488},
{"pmid":"19868584","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"EXPERIMENTAL STUDIES OF THE NASOPHARYNGEAL SECRETIONS FROM INFLUENZA PATIENTS : VI. IMMUNITY REACTIONS.","authors":"P K Olitsky, F L Gates","journal_issue":"35-1 Jan 1, 1922","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The experiments described furnish additional evidence of the pathogenic character and the virtual identity of the various strains of the active agent derived from the nasopharyngeal secretions of influenzal patients with which the transmission experiments in rabbits have been carried out. The active material has been shown to be of antigenic nature, so that rabbits are protected from the effects of a second inoculation. The experiments indicate also the antigenic identity of the various strains of the active agent with each other and with Bacterium pneumosintes. Finally, the experiments show that the protection may persist for 14 months which is the longest period yet tested.","zipf_score":0.239868584},
{"pmid":"19868652","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"SURFACE TENSION OF SERUM : III. RECOVERY AFTER LOWERING BY SURFACE-ACTIVE SUBSTANCES.","authors":"P L du Noüy","journal_issue":"36-1 Jun 30, 1922","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The equilibrium of the serum corresponding to its normal minimal surface tension is as stable and difficult to break, under ordinary conditions, as the osmotic tension equilibrium. The addition of a strong surface-active substance (sodium oleate, glycocholate, or taurocholate), will not lower it definitely, unless the substance is present in large amounts and in solution. After the first rapid drop has occurred, a process of recovery takes place, which brings back the normal surface tension in a short time (from 2 to 6 minutes in the case of pure serum). As a drop in the surface tension of the serum of animals may be very injurious to the red cells, this process of recovery is a normal one of defense in all cases in which surface-active substances (bile) are set free in the blood. 2. When diluted, the serum shows the same phenomenon to a smaller extent; the time of recovery is very much longer and the final surface tension is always lower than the original value. At a dilution of 1/10,000, no recovery takes place, the dilution being too high to overcome the lowering action of 1/10,000 of sodium oleate. 3. The recovery is stronger when the surface-active substance is added powdered or in a highly concentrated solution, and not stirred. 4. The recovery does not seem to be inversely proportional to the concentration of sodium oleate, when added superficially. Doubling the concentration at 1/2,000, for example, gives the same curve of recovery. This happens under certain conditions; namely, when the liquid is not stirred after the addition of sodium oleate. 5. This recovery is due to a purely physical phenomenon, namely adsorption, and is not specific for the serum. Other colloidal solutions, such as gum arabic, egg albumin, gelatin, and silver and gold sols, show it, only to a smaller degree. The process of recovery follows a logarithmic law in all cases, expressed by an equation of the form See PDF for Equation 6. Temperature affects this phenomenon. At first it enhances it, but finally decreases it. This would seem to connect the loss of the property of the serum known as complement in a serum with a modification of the physical properties of this serum. This phenomenon is being investigated further.","zipf_score":0.239868652},
{"pmid":"19868714","affiliation":"Laboratory of Pharmacology of the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia.","article_title":"THE ACTION OF DRUGS ON RESPIRATION : II. ETHER, CHLOROFORM, CHLORAL, URETHANE, LUMINAL, MAGNESIUM, CAFFEINE, STRYCHNINE, AND ATROPINE.","authors":"C F Schmidt, W B Harer","journal_issue":"37-1 Jan 1, 1923","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The depressant drugs which have been studied in this series of experiments were found to resemble morphine and heroine in that they depressed expiration more than inspiration, but they acted only in narcotic doses and always depressed inspiration at the same time. Ether caused a sharp expiratory rhythm, persisting until narcosis was very deep, probably a result of irritation of the air passages. Chloroform sometimes caused dyspnea, even in very deep narcosis, probably because of circulatory depression. Hydrated chloral made respiration more rapid, but shallower. Urethane usually made expiration active, often with inspiratory pauses, such as may follow vagotomy. Magnesium seemed to produce the most uniform, uncomplicated depression of all the depressants tried. Luminal resembled morphine and heroine more closely than any of the general depressants, making expiration passive without depressing inspiration, but it acted only in narcotic doses, unlike morphine and heroine. 2. Caffeine and strychnine, whenever they caused acceleration after morphine, brought back active expiration. Atropine never stimulated, and commonly acted as a synergist to morphine. 3. It is suggested that the results outlined in this and the preceding paper point to the existence of a separate central mechanism for the control of each of the phases of respiration, and that, while each responds to the same chemical stimuli, the threshold of the expiratory is higher than that of the inspiratory. Evidence is presented to indicate that if expiration remains passive a marked increase in depth of breathing may slow the rate, and a respiratory mechanism that lacks active expiration may be so inefficient that a CO(2) concentration which stimulated when expiration was active may depress when it is passive.","zipf_score":0.249868714},
{"pmid":"19868776","affiliation":"Division of Laboratories of Montefiore Hospital and the Department of Pathology of Columbia University, New York.","article_title":"THE INFLUENCE OF THE SUPRARENAL CORTEX ON THE GONADS OF RABBITS : I. THE EFFECTS OF SUPRARENAL INJURY (BY REMOVAL OR FREEZING) ON THE INTERSTITIAL CELLS OF THE OVARY.","authors":"H L Jaffe, D Marine","journal_issue":"38-1 Jun 30, 1923","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. Moderate or marked ovarian enlargement has been observed in 76 per cent of rabbits which survived double suprarenalectomy over 30 days. 2. The ovarian enlargement consists essentially of an hypertrophy of the interstitial cells. 3. The hypertrophy of the interstitial cells is a compensatory reaction and adds further data to the functional interrelation between the suprarenal cortex and the interstitial cells.","zipf_score":0.249868776},
{"pmid":"19868840","affiliation":"Department of Medicine, Peking Union Medical College, Peking, China.","article_title":"STUDIES ON PNEUMOCOCCUS GROWTH INHIBITION : II. A METHOD FOR DEMONSTRATING THE GROWTH-INHIBITORY AND BACTERICIDAL ACTION OF NORMAL SERUM-LEUCOCYTE MIXTURES.","authors":"O H Robertson, R H Sia","journal_issue":"39-2 Jan 31, 1924","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Somewhat discordant results which have been reported by others who have investigated the property of the whole blood of resistant animals to cause inhibition of growth or death of pneumococci have led us to investigate this matter and to develop a new technique in which the conditions as they are present in the animal body are more nearly imitated. The observations already made have rendered it probable that phagocytosis plays some rôle in any destructive power for pneumococcus which whole blood possesses. We have, therefore, employed mixtures of serum and leucocytes in our tests, since when blood is coagulated the conditions become highly artificial. Furthermore, in order to imitate more nearly the conditions in the circulating blood the mixtures have been constantly, though gently, agitated. For this purpose a specially devised apparatus has been employed. The mixtures of serum and leucocytes have been inoculated with varying numbers of pneumococci in the active growth phase and after varying intervals of time the tubes containing the mixtures of serum, leucocytes, and bacteria have been opened, examined microscopically, and cultures made. Employing this technique it has been found that the growth of pneumococci having low virulence for cats is markedly inhibited in mixtures of cat serum and cat leucocytes. It was impossible to recover pneumococci from the tubes showing no apparent growth, either when the contents were transplanted into various kinds of culture media, or when the contents were injected into mice of a variety highly susceptible to pneumococcus infection. 10,000 times the number of pneumococci sufficient ordinarily to kill a mouse failed to do so after a 24 hour sojourn in the cat serum-leucocyte mixture. Mixtures of dog serum and leucocytes exert a similar action. The serum and leucocytes of animals susceptible to pneumococcus infection (rabbits and guinea pigs,) on the other hand, failed to injure pneumococci even in extremely small quantities. These results indicate that the blood of resistant animals, at least of the dog and cat, possesses destructive properties for pneumococci, and that this destructive power is not possessed by the blood of certain susceptible animals. The experiments suggest that natural immunity depends chiefly, if not entirely, upon this property. The leucocytes play an active part in this process, but whether the destruction of the pneumococci occurs entirely within the leucocytes or not is not determined. That the serum also plays a part is shown by the fact that when the serum of resistant animals was inactivated before being used in the serum-leucocyte mixture, the growth of even very small numbers of pneumococci was not prevented. Further experiments with cat serum and leucocytes were carried out to determine the optimum rate and time of agitation, the amount of serum and leucocytes required, and also the period of incubation necessary for the inhibition of growth and death of the pneumococci to occur.","zipf_score":0.259868840},
{"pmid":"19868910","affiliation":"Laboratory of Physiological Chemistry and the Department of Surgery, Yale University, New Haven.","article_title":"DIET AND TISSUE GROWTH : II. THE REGENERATION OF LIVER TISSUE DURING NUTRITION ON INADEQUATE DIETS AND FASTING.","authors":"A H Smith, T S Moise","journal_issue":"40-2 Jul 31, 1924","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"THE RELATIVE TOXICITY OF CHLOROFORM GIVEN SUBCUTANEOUSLY TO RATS FED ON TWO DIETS DEFICIENT IN RESPECT TO THEIR NITROGENOUS COMPONENTS, THE SOLE SOURCES OF PROTEIN IN WHICH WERE, RESPECTIVELY, GLIADIN AND GELATIN AND TO RATS WITHOUT FOOD, IS AS FOLLOWS: gelatin diet > fasting > gliadin diet. The rate of regeneration of liver cells after chloroform poisoning in rats fed a diet in which gliadin is the only protein is about as rapid as that in animals fed a diet containing casein as the source of nitrogen. The rate of regeneration on a food containing its nitrogen as gelatin and also during fasting is definitely slower than that in animals fed the gliadin food. The results of these experiments indicate that the requirement for the essential amino acids for growth of individual organs of the body is less than that for correlated growth of the whole body.","zipf_score":0.259868910},
{"pmid":"19868982","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"MICROBIC VIRULENCE AND HOST SUSCEPTIBILITY IN PARATYPHOID-ENTERITIDIS INFECTION OF WHITE MICE : VII. SEASONAL VARIATION IN THE SUSCEPTIBILITY OF DIFFERENT STRAINS OF MICE TO PER Os INFECTION WITH THE TYPE II BACILLUS OF MOUSE TYPHOID (BACILLUS PESTIS CAVIAE).","authors":"I W Pritchett","journal_issue":"41-2 Jan 31, 1925","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Seasonal variations are described in the response of five strains of mice to inoculation with the Type II bacillus of mouse typhoid (Bacillus pestis caviae). There occurred in the case of all strains a high peak of mortality during the spring, a lower death rate during the summer, and a subsequent autumn rise in the number of deaths.","zipf_score":0.269868982},
{"pmid":"19869046","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"THE FUNCTION OF MACROPHAGES IN LOCAL RESISTANCE TO BACTERIAL INFECTIONS.","authors":"W Nakahara","journal_issue":"42-2 Jul 31, 1925","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Coincident with the marked macrophage reaction induced in the peritoneal cavity by oil injection, there is an increased resistance of this location to bacterial infections. Animals so prepared dispose of Bacillus coli in a much shorter time than normal animals, and survive multiples of the fatal doses of staphylococci and pneumococi. The amount of oil injected is in itself incapable of inhibiting bacterial growth, nor is cell-free exudate from an oil-injected animal potent in this regard. The macrophages in the exudate, on the other hand, actively phagocytize bacteria. These facts lead to the conclusion that the increased resistance is due primarily to the action of macrophages.","zipf_score":0.269869046},
{"pmid":"19869118","affiliation":"Department of Pathology of Stanford University Medical School, San Francisco.","article_title":"THE ORIGIN OF THE LEPRA CELL.","authors":"J Oliver","journal_issue":"43-2 Jan 31, 1926","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. By means of the method of vital staining it is found that the lepra cell in rat leprosy is derived from the histiocyte. 2. From the similarity in morphology and function of the lepra cells in this condition and those of human leprosy, it seems likely that derivation of the cells in the two conditions is similar.","zipf_score":0.279869118},
{"pmid":"19871744","affiliation":"Department of Marine Biology, Carnegie Institution of Washington, Washington, and the Physiological Laboratory, Princeton University, Princeton.","article_title":"STUDIES ON BIOLUMINESCENCE : IX. CHEMICAL NATURE OF CYPRIDINA LUCIFERIN AND CYPRIDINA LUCIFERASE.","authors":"E N Harvey","journal_issue":"1-3 Jan 20, 1919","journal_title":"The Journal of general physiology","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"There seems to be very little doubt but that luciferase is a protein or so closely associated with proteins that their removal destroys its characteristic properties. The particular group of proteins to which it belongs may be arrived at by a process of exclusion, and only the group of albumins has properties which agree completely with those of luciferase. Dubois believes Pholas luciferase to be an oxidizing enzyme similar to the oxydones of Battelli and Stern because it is readily destroyed by fat solvents such as chloroform, strong alcohol, etc. He has detected iron in a luciferase solution which has dialyzed against running water for a long time, and believes it to be made up of protein in combination with iron and to act as an ,'oxyzymase ferrique.,' Cypridina luciferase, on the other hand, is not readily destroyed by fat solvents. Toluene and chloroform are good preservatives, and I often make use of them for this purpose, keeping the luciferase solutions for many months. Professor A. H. Phillips of Princeton University has very kindly analyzed some whole dried Cypridinoe for me and finds iron, copper, and manganese but no zinc or vanadium to be present. Whether these metals are connected with the action of Cypridina luciferase is uncertain, but it is significant that all three of the metals thought to be concerned in organic oxidations are present. Although a large amount of luciferin mixed with a small amount of luciferase will use up all the latter, I agree with Dubois that luciferase has sufficient properties in common with the enzymes as a class to be considered an enzyme. The peroxidases are well known to be used up in the reactions they accelerate. All workers on enzymes agree that the more enzymes are purified the less active they become. The chemical procedures necessary to remove foreign material bring about irreversible changes in the enzyme itself, a characteristic also of many protein groups and of the colloidal state in general. This is true in the case of luciferase, for the crude luciferase solution is the most active preparation that can be obtained. I believe that Cypridina luciferase should be placed in a class of oxidizing enzymes by itself-a group having the chemical reactions of an albumin, possibly in combination with some heavy metal, and which as far as we know, acts specifically on only one substance, Cypridina luciferin. It resembles the plant peroxidases in resisting the action of chloroform, toluene, etc., but will not oxidize any of the hydroxyphenol or aminophenol compounds so readily oxidized by the peroxidases, nor will the peroxidases oxidize luciferin with light production. Dubois' researches show that Pholas luciferase differs in some properties from Cypridina luciferase, and my own work indicates that firefly luciferase is more like that of Pholas. A comparative study of other species of luminous animals is needed in order to delimit more accurately the class of luciferases as a whole. Luciferin presents many characteristics in common with the proteins, but two, which, to say the least, throw doubt on its protein nature: (1) its peculiar solubility (in alcohols, esters, and glacial acetic acid), (2) and its resistance to digestion by proteases, even by trypsin which has almost universal digestive action. These two peculiarities have been discussed above. We can only say that if a protein, luciferin must belong to a new group differing from known natural proteins in these respects. In general characteristics this new group would fall somewhere on the border-line between the proteoses and peptones. It would not be surprising to find in nature proteoses or peptones soluble in absolute alcohol. We know also that some NH-CO linkages of proteins are broken down with great difficulty by trypsin as it is difficult to obtain a tryptic digest of protein which does not give the biuret reaction, and the work of Fischer and Abderhalden has shown that certain artificial polypeptides are not digested by pure activated pancreatic juice. We have, then, three possibilities. Luciferin is (1) either a natural proteose not attacked by trypsin, or (2) if attacked by trypsin, its decomposition products (presumably amino-acids) still contain the group oxidizable with light production, or (3) it is not a protein at all. I believe that luciferin has too many protein characteristics to conform to the last possibility. I have been unable to oxidize with light production various mixtures of amino-acids (from beef and casein) by means of luciferase and consequently am led to believe that luciferin is a new natural proteose, soluble in absolute alcohol and not digested by trypsin. Dubois believes Pholas luciferin to be a natural albumin with acid properties. Cypridina luciferin could not possibly be regarded as an albumin, but it is very likely that the luciferins of different species of luminous animals differ in certain characteristics. As in the case of the luciferases, we know that the luciferins are not identical substances, and only future work can determine in what particulars they differ. A summary of the properties of Cypridina luciferin and Cypridina luciferase will be found in the tables accompanying this paper.","zipf_score":0.209871744},
{"pmid":"19871768","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"RELATION BETWEEN METAMORPHOSIS AND OTHER DEVELOPMENTAL PHENOMENA IN AMPHIBIANS.","authors":"E Uhlenhuth","journal_issue":"1-5 May 20, 1919","journal_title":"The Journal of general physiology","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The difference in time existing between the first shedding of the skin and the reduction of the gills to mere stubs without fringes is constant and unchangeable, which indicates that the fundamental cause for both is a common one. 2. This common cause is the action of iodine, and consequently both phenomena constitute, or at least are part of, the metamorphosis of the salamanders. 3. The development of the adult skin coloration and of the legs may take place either before or after metamorphosis. Iodine cannot enforce either of these phenomena. 4. The same is true of the development of the sex organs. 5. Development of the tongue and palatal teeth can be checked even in animals in which metamorphosis takes place. 6. Consequently development of the skin coloration, as well as development of the legs, sex organs, tongue, and palatal teeth are all caused by substances not identical with the substances causing metamorphosis and, since they are also all independent of each other in their development, it is probable that special chemical mechanisms exist for the development of each one of these six groups of organs. 7. This assumption is also supported by the fact that the order of development in several of these organ pairs can be changed by a difference in temperature, which would indicate that the development of each of these groups of organs is caused by chemical reactions with different temperature coefficients. 8. That the germ cells can develop in amphibians either before or after metamorphosis does not mean that the germ plasma is opposed as a unit to the somatic plasma, since other organs which are believed to be part of the somatic plasma behave in this respect like the germ cells. 9. The noteworthy feature of the amphibian metamorphosis is that instead of being controlled and kept in harmony by the organic individual the development of at least six groups of organs is controlled separately by the action of probably six different chemical mechanisms, each of which can be stopped or enforced independently either by directly supplying the substances required or by causing an increased formation within the body by suitable temperatures.","zipf_score":0.209871768},
{"pmid":"19871792","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"ELECTRIFICATION OF WATER AND OSMOTIC PRESSURE.","authors":"J Loeb","journal_issue":"2-1 Sep 20, 1919","journal_title":"The Journal of general physiology","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. Amphoteric electrolytes form salts with both acids and alkalies. It is shown for two amphoteric electrolytes, Al(OH)(3) and gelatin, that in the presence of an acid salt water diffuses through a collodion membrane into a solution of these substances as if its particles were negatively charged, while water diffuses into solutions of these electrolytes, when they exist as monovalent or bivalent metal salts, as if the particles of water were positively charged. The turning point for the sign of the electrification of water seems to be near or to coincide with the isoelectric point of these two ampholytes which is a hydrogen ion concentration of about 2 x 10(-5)N for gelatin and about 10(-7) for Al(OH)(3). 2. In conformity with the rules given in a preceding paper the apparently positively charged water diffuses with less rapidity through a collodion membrane into a solution of Ca and Ba gelatinate than into a solution of Li, Na, K, or NH(4) gelatinate of the same concentration of gelatin and of hydrogen ions. Apparently negatively charged water diffuses also with less rapidity through a collodion membrane into a solution of gelatin sulfate than into a solution of gelatin chloride or nitrate of the same concentration of gelatin and of hydrogen ions. 3. If we define osmotic pressure as that additional pressure upon the solution required to cause as many molecules of water to diffuse from solution to the pure water as diffuse simultaneously in the opposite direction through the membrane, it follows that the osmotic pressure cannot depend only on the concentration of the solute but must depend also on the electrostatic effects of the ions present and that the influence of ions on the osmotic pressure must be the same as that on the initial velocity of diffusion. This assumption was put to a test in experiments with gelatin salts for which a collodion membrane is strictly semipermeable and the tests confirmed the expectation.","zipf_score":0.209871792},
{"pmid":"19871816","affiliation":"Physiological Laboratory, College of Medicine, Creighton University, Omaha.","article_title":"INTENSITY AND THE PROCESS OF PHOTORECEPTION.","authors":"S Hecht","journal_issue":"2-4 Mar 20, 1920","journal_title":"The Journal of general physiology","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. In the photosensory process of Mya the latent period varies inversely as the intensity of the stimulating light. 2. Quantitative analysis of the data shows that the photochemical effect of the light is a logarithmic function of its intensity, the two variables being related to each other according to the well known ,'compound interest,' law. 3. Comparison with previous experiments demonstrates that the Reciprocity Law of Bunsen and Roscoe applies to the photosensory process not only for the minimum energy required for a response, but for a much greater range of energy application as well.","zipf_score":0.219871816},
{"pmid":"19871840","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"IONIC RADIUS AND IONIC EFFICIENCY.","authors":"J Loeb","journal_issue":"2-6 Jul 20, 1920","journal_title":"The Journal of general physiology","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. It has been shown in preceding papers that when we separate solutions of electrolytes from pure water by collodion membranes the ions with the same sign of charge as the membrane increase while the ions with the opposite sign of charge diminish the rate of diffusion of water from the side of pure water to the side of solution; and that the accelerating and depressing effects of these ions on the rate of diffusion of water increase with their valency. 2. It is shown in this paper that aside from the valency a second quantity of the ion plays a rôle in this effect, namely the radius, which in a monatomic ion means the distance between the central positive nucleus and the outermost ring or shell of electrons of the ion. In monatomic, monovalent anions the radius increases in the order Cl< Br< I (being largest in I), while for monatomic, monovalent cations it increases in the order Li< Na< K< Rb (being largest in Rb). 3. It is shown that the accelerating as well as the depressing effect of the anions mentioned increases directly with the order of magnitude of their radius and that the efficiency is greatest in the case of I which has the largest radius; while the accelerating as well as the depressing effect of cations increases inversely with the order of magnitude of their radius, Li with the smallest radius having the greatest efficiency. 4. This is intelligible on the assumption that the action of the ions is electrostatic in character, in the case of cations due to the electrostatic effect of the excess charge of their positive nucleus, and in the case of anions due to the excess charge of their captured electron. The electrostatic effect of the positive nucleus of a cation on the membrane (or any other body) will be the greater the smaller the ionic radius of the cation; and the electrostatic effect of an excess electron will be the greater the further its distance from its own positive nucleus. 5. It is suggested that this rule may possibly include polyatomic, monovalent ions (e.g. NO(3), CNS, etc.) when we replace these polyatomic ions by monatomic models in which the radius is calculated in such a way as to give the model the same electrostatic effect which the polyatomic ion possesses. 6. These conclusions are in harmony with the fact that the efficiency of ions increases also with their valency. 7. It is suggested that these rules concerning the influence of the ionic radius can possibly be demonstrated in other phenomena, depending on the electrostatic effect of ions.","zipf_score":0.219871840},
{"pmid":"19871981","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"CATAPHORETIC CHARGES OF COLLODION PARTICLES AND ANOMALOUS OSMOSIS THROUGH COLLODION MEMBRANES FREE FROM PROTEIN.","authors":"J Loeb","journal_issue":"5-1 Sep 20, 1922","journal_title":"The Journal of general physiology","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. It had been shown in previous papers that when a salt solution is separated from pure water by a collodion membrane, water diffuses through the membrane as if it were positively charged and as if it were attracted by the anion of the salt in solution and repelled by the cation with a force increasing with the valency. In this paper, measurements of the P.D. across the membrane (E) are given, showing that when an electrical effect is added to the purely osmotic effect of the salt solution in the transport of water from the side of pure water to the solution, the latter possesses a considerable negative charge which increases with increasing valency of the anion of the salt and diminishes with increasing valency of the cation. It is also shown that a similar valency effect exists in the diffusion potentials between salt solutions and pure water without the interposition of a membrane. 2. This makes it probable that the driving force for the electrical transport of water from the side of pure water into solution is primarily a diffusion potential. 3. It is shown that the hydrogen ion concentration of the solution affects the transport curves and the diffusion potentials in a similar way. 4. It is shown, however, that the diffusion potential without interposition of the membrane differs in a definite sense from the P.D. across the membrane and that therefore the P.D. across the membrane (E) is a modified diffusion potential. 5. Measurements of the P.D. between collodion particles and aqueous solutions (epsilon) were made by the method of cataphoresis, which prove that water in contact with collodion particles free from protein practically always assumes a positive charge (except in the presence of salts with trivalent and probably tetravalent cations of a sufficiently high concentration). 6. It is shown that an electrical transport of water from the side of water into the solution is always superposed upon the osmotic transport when the sign of charge of the solution in the potential across the membrane (E) is opposite to that of the water in the P.D. between collodion particle and water (epsilon); supporting the theoretical deductions made by Bartell. 7. It is shown that the product of the P.D. across the membrane (E) into the cataphoretic P.D. between collodion particles and aqueous solution (epsilon) accounts in general semiquantitatively for that part of the transport of water into the solution which is due to the electrical forces responsible for anomalous osmosis.","zipf_score":0.239871981},
{"pmid":"19872052","affiliation":"Zoological Station, Naples, Italy.","article_title":"THE FUNCTION OF THE BRAIN IN LOCOMOTION OF THE POLYCLAD WORM, YUNGIA AURANTIACA.","authors":"A R Moore","journal_issue":"6-1 Sep 20, 1923","journal_title":"The Journal of general physiology","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Coordinated swimming movements in Yungia are not dependent upon the presence of the brain. The neuromuscular mechanism necessary for spontaneous movement and swimming is complete in the body of the animal apart from the brain. Normally this mechanism is set in motion by sensory stimulation arriving by way of the brain. The latter is a region of low threshold and acts as an amplifier by sending the impulses into a great number of channels. When the head is cut off these connections with the sensorium are broken, consequently peripheral stimulation does not have its usual effect. If, however, the motor nerves are stimulated directly as by mechanical stimulation of the median anterior region, then swimming movements result. Also if the threshold of the entire nervous mechanism is lowered by phenol or by an increase in the ion ratios See PDF for Equation and See PDF for Equation then again peripheral stimulation throws the neuromuscular mechanism into activity and swimming movements result.","zipf_score":0.249872052},
{"pmid":"19872128","affiliation":"Biological Laboratory of Amherst College, Amherst.","article_title":"TEMPERATURE AND FORWARD MOVEMENT OF PARAMECIUM.","authors":"O Glaser","journal_issue":"7-2 Nov 20, 1924","journal_title":"The Journal of general physiology","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The rate of forward movement in Paramecium as affected by changes in temperature can be described accurately in terms of the Arrhenius equation. See PDF for Equation 2. For the range from 6-15 degrees , micro = 16,000; from 16-40 degrees , micro = 8,000. These values fall within the limits characteristic for chemical processes. 3. On the principle of velocity control by the slowest rate, it is assumed that in Paramecium at temperatures above normal, control passes from one underlying reaction to another. 4. The views expressed by Rice, the recent results of Crozier, and certain micro values given by Arrhenius all suggest that micro = 16,000 may represent an oxidation, and micro = 8,000 either a modified oxidation or an hydrolysis. 5. For the system of controls, the catenary series O --> A --> E with the lower micro value attached to the precursor reaction is adequate. We may also assume a cyclical system analogous to Meyerhof's conception of carbohydrate metabolism in muscle. In this case it is necessary to assign micro = 16,000 to the oxidation of A and E and micro = 8,000 to the synthesis E --> O. This model also accounts for the fact that the data might be interpreted as involving, apparently, a depletion of A at the higher temperature.","zipf_score":0.259872128},
{"pmid":"19872229","affiliation":"Hospital of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"PHYSIOLOGICAL ONTOGENY : A. CHICKEN EMBRYOS. III. WEIGHT AND GROWTH RATE AS FUNCTIONS OF AGE.","authors":"H A Murray","journal_issue":"9-1 Sep 20, 1925","journal_title":"The Journal of general physiology","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The average weights of chicken embryos between 5 and 19 days of incubation as found by over 600 weighings may be expressed by a simple exponential equation, W = K t(3.6) where K = 0.668. 2. The velocity of growth (i.e. the percentage increase in mass) is inversely proportional to the incubation age. The product of the two (vt) is a constant (3.6). The negative acceleration of growth likewise decreases with age.","zipf_score":0.269872229},
{"pmid":"19872302","affiliation":"Laboratory of General Physiology, and the Zoological Laboratory, Harvard University, Cambridge.","article_title":"TEMPERATURE CHARACTERISTICS FOR DURATION OF AN INSTAR IN CLADOCERANS.","authors":"L A Brown","journal_issue":"10-1 Sep 20, 1926","journal_title":"The Journal of general physiology","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The temperature characteristics for the rate of development during a well defined instar were determined for three species of Cladocera, and found to be of the same general magnitudes as those obtained for rates of development and of O(2) consumption in other arthropods. 2. Critical temperatures were found to occur at points most frequently critical in quite diverse vital phenomena as determined by abrupt changes in the relationship between rate and temperature. 3. A suggestion is made that, since the values of micro and the positions of critical temperatures obtained for the different species are not the same, some relation may exist between the occurrence of these forms in nature and their relative rates of development as controlled by temperatures.","zipf_score":0.279872302},
{"pmid":"19872326","affiliation":"Department of Physiology and the Hopkins Marine Station of Stanford University, Pacific Grove.","article_title":"REGULATION OF THE HYDROGEN ION CONCENTRATION AND ITS RELATION TO METABOLISM AND RESPIRATION IN THE STARFISH.","authors":"L Irving","journal_issue":"10-2 Nov 20, 1926","journal_title":"The Journal of general physiology","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The normal reaction of the coelomic fluid in Patiria miniata and Asterias ochraceus is pH 7.6, and of the caeca, 6.7, compared with sea water at 8.3, all without salt error correction. A medium at pH 6.7-7.0 is optimum for the caeca for ciliary survival and digestion of protein, and is maintained by carbon dioxide production. The optimum pH found for carbon dioxide production is a true one for the effect of hydrogen ion concentration on the tissue. It does not represent an elimination gradient for carbon dioxide. Because the normal excised caeca maintain a definite hydrogen ion concentration and change their internal environment toward that as an optimum during life, there exists a regulatory process which is an important vital function.","zipf_score":0.279872326},
{"pmid":"19868339","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"THE PASSAGE OF MENINGOCOCCIC AGGLUTININS FROM THE BLOOD TO THE SPINAL FLUID OF THE MONKEY.","authors":"H L Amoss, F Eberson","journal_issue":"29-6 Jun 1, 1919","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Agglutinins for the meningococcus were not found in the spinal fluid of normal monkeys which had received antimeningococcic serum intravenously. The intraspinal injection of isotonic salt solution, normal horse serum, or a culture of living meningococci allows agglutinins for the meningococcus to pass from the blood to the spinal fluid of the passively immunized monkey; and the rate of the passage is affected by the severity of the inflammation induced in the meninges. The rates of elimination from the blood and spinal canal of meningococcic antibodies, as shown by the agglutination reaction, were compared in monkeys treated with immune serum (a) intraspinally, (b) intravenously, and (c) intraspinally and intravenously in combination. (a) When immune serum is given intraspinally the agglutinins are very much diminished after 8 hours and practically disappear at 12 hours. They appear in the blood at the 4th hour after injection and quickly diminish. (b) After intravenous injection of immune serum, when the meninges are inflamed, agglutinins appear in the spinal fluid in small amounts in about 12 hours and increase to the 25th hour. More than one-half of the agglutinins disappear from the blood within 8 hours and remain in low concentration at 25 hours. (c) After combined intraspinal and intravenous injection the agglutinins remain in higher concentration in the spinal fluid and for a longer time than by method (a) or (b). The curve descends after 12 hours, and agglutinins are present at 25 hours. They remain in maximum concentration in the blood for 25 hours.","zipf_score":0.209868339},
{"pmid":"19868376","affiliation":"Pathological Laboratory of Walter Reed General Hospital, Takoma Park, D. C.","article_title":"STREPTOLYSIN PRODUCTION IN CARBOHYDRATE MEDIA.","authors":"F A Stevens, S A Koser","journal_issue":"30-6 Nov 30, 1919","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"It is evident that there are numerous interacting factors which affect streptolysin in the presence of fermented sugars. The principal action is the change in the metabolism of the streptococcus by which more carbohydrate and less protein is utilized; although the growth is much increased there is proportionately less hemolysin. The acid developed in these cultures not only lessens the vitality of the growing organism and so lessens proteolysis, but is destructive to hemolysin at incubator temperature. The concentration of the acid produced causes some hemolysis, and a coincident brown discoloration of the hemoglobin. These principles may be applied to both liquid and solid media.","zipf_score":0.209868376},
{"pmid":"19868416","affiliation":"Hospital of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"EXPERIMENTAL STUDIES ON DIABETES : SERIES I. PRODUCTION AND CONTROL OF DIABETES IN THE DOG. 5. VARIOUS FAILURES OF DIETETIC TREATMENT, AND THEIR CAUSES.","authors":"F M Allen","journal_issue":"31-5 Apr 30, 1920","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. Practically every detail of clinical diabetes can be reproduced in partially depancreatized animals. The resemblance is made still more exact by the susceptibility of such dogs to acidosis and coma, as will be shown in later papers, and also by the similarity of the anatomic changes in the islands of Langerhans. These animals are therefore useful test objects for a therapeutic investigation. 2. These animals at first show considerable tendency to regain assimilation, comparable to that in the early stages of most human cases of diabetes; and in some instances they recover so as to be able to endure any degree or duration of carbohydrate feeding and can be made diabetic only by removal of additional pancreatic tissue. Similar recovery in some human cases, especially after acute pancreatitis, is a probability. This recuperative tendency can be negatived by overfeeding, even without glycosuria. With duration of the diabetes the power of recuperation diminishes and practically disappears in dogs as in human patients. 3. In the absence of progressive pancreatitis or other extraneous causes, these dogs show no inherent downward tendency in their assimilation. This conclusion rests upon observations as long as 6 years from the first pancreas operation and 3 years of known diabetes. This absence of inherent progressiveness is what should naturally be expected in animals with simple resection of part of an organ, and serves further to fit them for accurate feeding experiments. 4. Every detail of the downward progress of human patients on various diets is reproduced in such animals. They lose assimilation and die most rapidly on diets rich in carbohydrate, and less rapidly on excess of other foods. The differences between sugar and starch, and between starch and protein, seem to be only those of degree and time rather than anything absolute. The important point is that, granting the absence of spontaneous downward tendencies as stated, all the different kinds and degrees of downward progress in the records of animals in this and the preceding paper are purely the results of overstrain of the internal pancreatic function by excess of food. 5. Varying degrees of success and failure in the dietetic control of diabetes are also illustrated. The benefit of the classical treatment by exclusion of preformed carbohydrate and limitation of protein is confirmed, in the prolongation of life and well-being to some extent in nearly all cases and perhaps indefinitely in some of the mildest cases. In the great majority of cases such a therapeutic result is not permanent, and downward progress is finally observed if the observations are continued long enough. In most of these cases life, strength, and assimilation can be preserved for a much longer time by a degree of undernutrition suited to the severity of the diabetes, and accomplished by limitation of fat in the diet. The permanence of such control is supported by the unimpaired or rising assimilation in experiments of 1 to 1(3/4) years duration, but still longer observations would be desirable. Diabetes of great severity is controllable only by correspondingly radical undernutrition. In still more severe cases glycosuria can be abolished only by a degree of undernutrition which entails final death from inanition. In the most severe cases glycosuria cannot be stopped, evidently because the assimilative power is too low to dispose of even the minimum supply of food materials; namely, that derived from the body stores in fasting. 6. A claim of saving every patient, no matter how near death, would be a preposterous one for any remedy in any disease, and the animal experiments do not support such a claim for diabetes. Also it is unreasonable to expect the actual cure of an organic deficiency by diet, and the diet treatment in animals just as in patients generally represents the sparing rather than the restoration of the weakened function. The basis of the belief in the inherently progressive tendency of severe cases of clinical diabetes is shaken by the exact reproduction of such case histories by diet in animals which are free from spontaneous downward tendencies; but there is still lack of a sufficient number of patients treated on the principle of relief of the total metabolic burden to demonstrate the absence of such inherent progressiveness in human diabetes. As described elsewhere, the principle mentioned has given encouraging results in proportion as it has received actual application in practice. The clinical problem requires the same prolonged careful control of all discoverable symptoms as in animals, and cases too severe for such control, or complicated with infections, violations of diet, etc., are on the same plane as animals in which a similar condition has been produced. Some proportion of cases, especially in young persons, will be found suitable for accurate determination of the question of whether all or most cases of severe diabetes are inevitably progressive and hopeless, and the writer looks forward to publishing such a series. Irrespective of the outcome, the raising of this question is justified by its importance. On the theoretical side, it involves both the general prognosis and the nature of the process underlying diabetes. On the practical side, it is already established that diet is at least the chief cause of downward progress, and it is important to eliminate this cause by avoiding the dietary injuries illustrated in the animal experiments.","zipf_score":0.219868416},
{"pmid":"19868458","affiliation":"Department of Comparative Pathology, George Fabyan Foundation, Harvard Medical School, Boston.","article_title":"STUDIES ON ENDOTHELIAL REACTIONS : II. THE ENDOTHELIAL CELL IN EXPERIMENTAL TUBERCULOSIS.","authors":"N C Foot","journal_issue":"32-5 Oct 31, 1920","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The epithelioid cell is of definitely endothelial origin. 2. The only reliable means of identifying and tracing this cell is, at the present time, a colloidal suspension of carbon, injected intravenously. Benzidine dyes will not accomplish this if used alone. 3. There is little evidence that the local tissue elements take an active part in the process of tubercle formation, until after the lesion is formed; the reaction is, in a sense, exudative, since the lesion is produced from cells which migrate to the site of inflammation. 4. The lymphocyte appears late and is not to be considered as a potential epithelioid cell; its presence in the tubercles is as yet unexplained.","zipf_score":0.219868458},
{"pmid":"19868505","affiliation":"Hospital of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"STUDIES ON MEASLES : II. SYMPTOMATOLOGY AND PATHOLOGY IN MONKEYS EXPERIMENTALLY INFECTED.","authors":"F G Blake, J D Trask","journal_issue":"33-3 Feb 28, 1921","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"The symptomatology of the reaction induced in monkeys by inoculation with material containing the virus of measles is described. The symptoms and course of this reaction closely parallel those of human measles. The microscopic pathology of the lesions of the skin and buccal mucous membrane of monkeys experimentally infected with the virus of measles is also described. These lesions are essentially identical with the corresponding lesions of measles in man.","zipf_score":0.229868505},
{"pmid":"19868529","affiliation":"Hospital and Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"ETIOLOGY OF YELLOW FEVER : XIII. BEHAVIOR OF THE HEART IN THE EXPERIMENTAL INFECTION OF GUINEA PIGS AND MONKEYS WITH LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROIDES AND LEPTOSPIRA ICTEROHAEMORRHAGIAE.","authors":"A E Cohn, H Noguchi","journal_issue":"33-6 May 31, 1921","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. Slowing of the heart occurred in monkeys and guinea pigs during the febrile period of the experimental infection due to Leptospira icteroides. A similar reaction took place in animals inoculated with Leptospira icterohoemorrhagioe. 2. The mechanism of slowing was usually due to slowing of the whole heart. 3. Once incomplete heart block was seen. Changes in the ventricular complex occurred four times.","zipf_score":0.229868529},
{"pmid":"19868568","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"REMOTE RESULTS OF COMPLETE HOMOTRANSPLANTATION OF THE CORNEA.","authors":"A H Ebeling, A Carrel","journal_issue":"34-5 Oct 31, 1921","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. A flap composed of the entire thickness of the cornea of a cat was transplanted to the cornea of another cat, and was found to be perfectly transparent 2 years after the operation. 2. The curvatures of the cornea appeared to be normal.","zipf_score":0.229868568},
{"pmid":"19868681","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"CULTURES OF ORGANIZED TISSUES.","authors":"A Fischer","journal_issue":"36-4 Sep 30, 1922","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"An artificial organism, if one may so term it, composed of a complex of tissues, was cultivated for a long period of time. Small fragments of intestine from chick embryos 20 to 21 days old were placed in a suitable medium. The epithelium proliferated and completely covered the fragment of intestine after 4 to 6 days. A small body was thus formed, round or oblong in shape, surrounded by cylindrical epithelium and containing epithelial, connective, and muscle tissues, endothelium, and ameboid cells. After a month's cultivation in vitro, no necrosis had occurred. Therefore, it may be assumed that, through the intestinal epithelium, the medium supplied the intestinal tissue with sufficient nourishment. No uncontrolled proliferation took place after the epithelium bad surrounded the entire fragment. The cultivation of complex tissues will facilitate the study of the interactions of the different cells under various conditions. In some experiments, pure cultures of epithelial cells were grafted into such an ,'organism,' without difficulty. The growth of malignant cells could be studied in the same way. When the ,'organism,' was placed in a fluid medium, the epithelium remained normal but the stroma disappeared. It seems that plasma played an important rôle in the maintenance of the tissues in their normal condition.","zipf_score":0.239868681},
{"pmid":"19868705","affiliation":"Department of Animal Pathology of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, Princeton, N. J.","article_title":"THE SUSCEPTIBILITY OF MICE AND RATS TO INFECTION WITH BACILLUS ABORTUS.","authors":"W A Hagan","journal_issue":"36-6 Nov 30, 1922","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. White mice are highly susceptible to infection by inoculation with Bacillus abortus. The susceptibility appears to be as great as that of the guinea pig, and this animal probably can be substituted satisfactorily for guinea pigs in diagnostic work. 2. Both mice and rats are very refractory to feeding infection with Bacillus aborlus. The failure to infect mice in this way was complete, but the feeding of large amounts of culture gave infection in rats. Subcutaneous inoculation resulted in infection of all the animals. The difficulty of infecting rats and mice with Bacillus abortus by feeding makes it very doubtful whether these animals can have any rôle in the propagation and spread of infectious abortion in cattle.","zipf_score":0.239868705},
{"pmid":"19868749","affiliation":"Laboratories of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"STABLE SUSPENSIONS OF AUTOAGGLUTINABLE BACTERIA.","authors":"P H De Kruif, J H Northrop","journal_issue":"37-5 Apr 30, 1923","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"Autoagglutinating cultures of Type G, bacillus of rabbit septicemia, can be rendered stable by suspension in glycocoll-acetate-phosphate buffer mixtures pH 7.5 and 7.1. Distilled water suspensions can also be employed if the normal and immune serum under test is diluted with buffers of this pH instead of with 0.85 per cent NaCl. Five intensely autoagglutinable strains of Streptococcus haemolyticus have been stabilized by washing and by suspending in 0.001 N NaOH. Specific agglutination of these stable suspensions by rabbit antistreptococcus serum could be demonstrated by diluting the serum with M/320 NaCl.","zipf_score":0.249868749},
{"pmid":"19868794","affiliation":"Laboratory of Experimental Medicine of Stanford University Medical School, San Francisco.","article_title":"BOTULISM. STUDIES ON THE MANNER IN WHICH THE TOXIN OF CLOSTRIDIUM BOTULINUM ACTS UPON THE BODY : II. THE EFFECT UPON THE VOLUNTARY NERVOUS SYSTEM.","authors":"E C Dickson, E Shevky","journal_issue":"38-4 Sep 30, 1923","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. In addition to the effect upon the fibers of the parasympathetic nervous system which was described in a previous report (1), the toxin of Clostridium botilinum. Types A and B, exerts an influence upon the endings of the motor fibers of the voluntary nervous system which leads to a marked susceptibility to fatigue. It has not been determined whether the damage is in the anatomical nerve endings of the somatic motor nerve fibers or upon the myoneural junction, but it is not of the nature of an organic destruction of tissue. 2. There is no effect upon the sensory fibers of the peripheral nerves. 3. The muscle cells of the smooth and striated muscles are not affected. 4. The disturbances in function which have been demonstrated in the voluntary and involuntary nervous systems fully explain the characteristic signs and symptoms of botulinus intoxication.","zipf_score":0.249868794},
{"pmid":"19868818","affiliation":"Hospital of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"STUDIES ON VARICELLA : THE SUSCEPTIBILITY OF RABBITS TO THE VIRUS OF VARICELLA.","authors":"T M Rivers, W S Tillett","journal_issue":"38-6 Nov 30, 1923","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. The localization of the virus of varicella in the human skin is influenced by irritation. This is indirect evidence that the virus is in the blood. 2. Rabbits are susceptible to a virus recovered from the blood of varicella patients. 3. Testicular emulsions containing the virus are free from ordinary aerobic and anaerobic bacteria, and produce lesions in the cornea, skin, and testicles of rabbits. 4. The virus can be transmitted indefinitely from rabbit to rabbit by means of testicular inoculation, and can be preserved 29 days in 50 per cent glycerol at a low temperature.","zipf_score":0.249868818},
{"pmid":"19868864","affiliation":"Hospital of The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research.","article_title":"STUDIES ON OXIDATION AND REDUCTION BY PNEUMOCOCCUS : III. REDUCTION OF METHYLENE BLUE BY STERILE EXTRACTS OF PNEUMOCOCCUS.","authors":"O T Avery, J M Neill","journal_issue":"39-4 Mar 31, 1924","journal_title":"The Journal of experimental medicine","keywords":"","mesh_headings":"","abstract":"1. Sterile broth extracts of unwashed pneumococci, entirely free from living or intact cells, actively reduce methylene blue. 2. Sterile extracts prepared by extracting washed pneumococci in phosphate solution are unable by themselves to reduce methylene blue. Upon the addition of meat infusion or yeast extract, these washed cell extracts actively reduce methylene blue. 3. The system or systems in pneumococcus extracts responsible for methylene blue reduction are destroyed by exposure to temperatures practically identical with those which have been previously found to destroy the peroxide-forming activity of the same extracts. 4. It is suggested that peroxide formation and methylene blue reduction by pneumococcus extracts are functions of the same or closely related systems, the particular reaction induced depending upon whether molecular oxygen or methylene blue serves as hydrogen acceptor or oxygen donator.","zipf_score":0.259868864},
